`` If the U.S. had sat back and done nothing , he might not have made it through 1988 , '' Mr. Moss contends . 
The mine is expected to return to production in about a week . 
Mr. Paul , in selling off his paintings , is seeking at least a 15 % return on the bank 's investment , so as to prove that the venture was sound . 
Mr. Rogers , who was president and chief operating officer of Equifax , will retain his position as president . 
Or is it that Mr. Z. is getting a little tired of `` Traviata '' ? 
Mr. Glazier discovered that the Founders had worried that Congress might take the President out of the loop . 
It more than doubled Federal 's long-term debt to $ 1.9 billion , thrust the company into unknown territory -- heavy cargo -- and suddenly expanded its landing rights to 21 countries from four . 
`` Magazines can no longer be considered institutions , '' said James Autry , president of Meredith Corp. 's magazine group . 
The suit , filed in federal court in Manhattan , also asks that the Comex 's nine-month suspension of Mr. Semel be lifted , pending the broker 's appeal of the disciplinary measures . 
X-rays , by contrast , travel straighter and can be focused more tightly than light . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Sales rose 5.2 % to $ 2.04 billion from $ 1.94 billion the previous year . 
After that , `` it would make sense for airlines to talk about doing things jointly , '' said Cotton Daly , director of cargo services for New York consulting firm Simat , Helliesen & Eichner Inc . 
The FBI initially showed little interest , and he had the impression other federal security agencies were tangled up in legal red tape . 
As a Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic city , Mr. Giuliani has an inherent handicap . 
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 95.39 , off 0.28 . 
Sears officials insist they do n't intend to abandon the everyday pricing approach in the face of the poor results . 
Next wo n't comment on when it will do the same , but is believed to have a color model under development . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Machinists already have rejected a package that would have provided a 10 % pay raise plus bonuses over the three-year life of the contract . 
It noted that last July , Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. of Japan selected AT&T to supply $ 154 million of such equipment over a four-year period starting next year . 
Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert , is n't nearly so sanguine about the market 's chances of surging to new highs anytime soon . 
Various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand . 
For one thing , the Chicago futures exchanges have political and financial clout -- including many friends in Congress . 
Now Mr. Phillips says he hopes to have the new system in place for several clients -- including American Express , American Telephone & Telegraph and Ryder -- by year 's end . 
Yields for tax-exempt bonds range from 6 1\/2 % in 1990 to 7.88 % in 2003-2005 . 
In countries such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore , economies are growing , resulting in a rise in disposable income that consumers can use for soft drinks . 
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics . 
The stock was trading at 69 just two weeks ago . 
Mr. Seidman is chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. , established to sell or merge the nation 's hundreds of insolvent savings-and-loan associations . 
But the trust , in most cases , is forbidden from seeking a buyer for only its shares before November 1993 . 
The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines , and analysts described the offer , representing a 36 % premium over Nekoosa 's market price , as fair . 
Intense competition , however , led to unit sales declines for a group of Merck 's established human and animal-health products , including Aldomet and Indocin . 
`` Carr told Kodak on many occasions to avoid various features because of Polaroid 's patent positions , '' and Kodak followed his advice in every instance , Mr. Crary said . 
Debates are due to be broadcast nationally starting Nov. 21 in a six-month experiment . 
At the same time , they contend that a reduction of NATO forces under a treaty will increase the possibility of a conventional Soviet attack unless the West retains a residual force of nuclear weapons in Europe . 
The declines mainly reflected widespread weakness in durable goods , those intended to last more than three years . 
Nevertheless , he deems the deal `` plain smart '' for its huge promotional value . 
In filing an original ( not amended ) return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly or separately . 
The Financial Times of Canada has no links to the British daily newspaper , The Financial Times . 
Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise , but U.S. delegate Constance Harriman and others thundered that down . 
Rather than trying to `` lecture us , '' says one congressional aide who attended the two-hour meeting , Mr. Krenz `` wanted to listen . '' 
`` If there 's any way you can do it , you ought to go to Idaho and go fishing for a while . '' 
It recently introduced a line for the home market . 
`` You get equity-like returns '' from bonds if you guess right on rates , says James E. Wilson , a Columbia , S.C. , planner . 
John J. Crabb sold 4,500 shares for $ 11.13 each , leaving himself with a stake of 500 shares . 
However , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset can only be 15.5 % . 
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % . 
Without liquidity from the junk-bond market or cash flow from profits , they look to the government , which obediently assists the natural motions of the capitalist economy with charity in the form of cuts in the capital-gains tax rate or bailouts . 
Mr. Meyer 's personal style was illustrated by his pinning a $ 100 bill to a high-school bulletin board on which other coaches tacked their cards . 
In an excursus of little relevance to his central point about private enforcement suits by environmental groups , Michael S. Greve informs your readers , `` ... the Clean Water Act is written upon the presumption -- the pretense , rather -- that nothing but zero risk will do ; it establishes a legal standard of zero discharge '' ( `` Congress's Environmental Buccaneers , '' Sept. 18 ) . 
The cuckoo prefers the nests of other birds and heaves out their eggs . 
Meanwhile , supporters of the Dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law . 
During one recent episode , all the advertisements were in English . 
The purchase of Nekoosa would easily eclipse Georgia-Pacific 's $ 530 million acquisition of Brunswick Pulp & Paper Co. last year . 
Reflecting concerns about Commodore 's outlook , its stock has plunged more than 50 % since May , closing yesterday unchanged at $ 8.875 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
There are , however , some alternatives that income-oriented investors should consider , investment advisers say . 
Then take the expected return and subtract one standard deviation . 
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University . 
First quarter , July 31 , 1989 : 
The steep climb in producer prices reported last Friday fostered pessimism about lower interest rates and contributed to the stock market 's 6.9 % plunge that day . 
Prices had been so unstable that two years ago Mr. Zaves gave up on long-term forecasts . 
October 's numbers , which wo n't be released for a month , are down further , mutual fund executives say . 
The industry , which currently employs about 25,000 people in London , has shed about 2,500 jobs over the past two years . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the funds fell to 8.21 % this week from 8.26 % . 
Or , for that matter , the core . 
It 's hardly astonishing ( given the men 's track record ) that Sony wants Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
Wang 's overall product line is `` still not as good as other vendors , but they 've come a long way , '' says Steven Wendler , a consultant with market researcher Gartner Group , Stamford , Conn . 
Guaranteed by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd . 
Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa has consistently rejected StatesWest 's offers , and early this week said its board would n't give the proposal further consideration , calling it `` vague and ill-defined '' because it did n't describe the source of funds or the specific terms of StatesWest securities which were part of the offer . 
`` For short-term gains , people were willing to put up with him . 
About 45 % of requests for SBA relief loans , which also are available to homeowners , come from small businesses , compared with a 25 % business share after most disasters . 
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction . 
The company also maintains rechargeable flashlights in offices and changes its standby supply of drinking water every three months . 
This scheme would fit the Arias Plan , which declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid to the Sandinista dictatorship and that provided by Washington to freely elected governments . 
The industrial average closed down 18.65 , to 2638.73 . 
In his statement , Mr. Skase said preliminary accounts showed that group profit before interest , tax and depreciation `` will exceed A$ 170 million . '' 
Still , many were confident that `` in a day or two , everything should be back to normal , '' according to a spokeswoman for the Semiconductor Industry Association , based in Cupertino . 
However , he asserted that the department had n't mastered the technology needed to retrofit the entire Cypress structure . 
Its telecommunications headquarters in Burlingame , Calif. , had been knocked out since the quake . 
The Bravo Zulu award , the Navy accolade for a `` job well done , '' is bestowed on Federal 's workers who surpass the call of duty . 
Mr. Peladeau has never made any apologies for publishing the tabloid , a brash mix of crime and sports . 
Some Golenbock lawyers wo n't be invited to join Whitman & Ransom , according to partners at both firms . 
Amdahl Corp. , backed by Japan 's Fujitsu Ltd. , has a growing share of the market with its low-priced , IBM-compatible machines . 
-- The U.S.S.R. has taken unprecedented unilateral measures of openness , by giving American representatives a possibility to inspect the building site of the Krasnoyarsk radar as well as radar vans in the areas of Gomel and Moscow , so as to see for themselves that there are no violations of the ABM treaty of 1972 on the part of the Soviet Union . 
Japanese banks accounted for 50 % of the NWA bank debt , according to a report by Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner . 
Ned Beatty may portray former California Gov. Pat Brown in a forthcoming epsiode on Caryl Chessman , the last man to be executed in California , in 1960 . 
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in Merrill Lynch , which closed unchanged at 28 3\/8 as 2.7 million shares changed hands . 
NAS is National Advanced Systems , CDC -- Control Data Corp. , Bull NH Information Systems Inc . 
A toxic-waste-dump fire destroyed part of an interstate highway this summer . 
But while analysts say that municipal bonds still offer good value , you would n't know it by the way institutional investors are rushing to dump their holdings . 
Food is the reformer 's top priority , the key to popular support . 
While the prototype converter is costly , it 's being lauded by the infant HDTV industry as a way of increasing the number of high-quality shows that can be seen on the new medium . 
Illinois Company Investments had been trimming its ranks until last summer . 
Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing and with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse . 
South Korean exports to the U.S. during the period fell 1.6 % from a year ago to $ 15.06 billion , while imports from the U.S. soared 26 % to $ 11.56 billion . 
The agreement also calls for General Electric Pension , a unit of General Electric Co. , to receive as much as 10 % of Color Systems ' fully diluted common stock , depending on the proceeds from the sale of the AEI Film Library and its receivables . 
Power of Suggestion Stronger in Japan 
PSE is a designer and operator of energy-cogeneration facilities and had 1988 sales of $ 234 million . 
That proposal , valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , would have transferred majority ownership to employees while leaving some stock in public hands . 
A minute later it soared 128 points , then zoomed back down 113 points , 69 below Friday 's close . 
Livestock and Meats 
With Japan 's cash-flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult . 
Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services unit said it cut off Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley , Oppenheimer and General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit . 
Sales in the latest quarter rose 2 % to $ 4.25 billion from $ 4.15 billion a year earlier . 
None of the officials was available for comment . 
50 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with an indicated 0.5 % coupon at par , via Bank Julius Baer . 
Though CBS might move up to No. 2 in household ratings , most advertisers buy based on ratings for women aged 18 to 49 . 
They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate . 
They are `` at the base of all of the problems of corruption , '' he says . 
That contrasts with the penny-ante sales of things such as pen-and-pencil sets and office supplies that are known as `` Hollywood '' scams . 
At that point , the junk market went into a tailspin as buyers disappeared and investors tried to sell . 
Salaam . 
Even before Mr. Tonkin 's broadside , some large dealers said they were cutting inventories . 
Although manufacturers often are quick to call for lower interest rates , 60 % of the executives said they would prefer that the Fed keep inflation-fighting as its top priority even if that means higher rates . 
Workers , except for senior management , were asked not to report for work yesterday . 
She believes the impact of losses from these catastrophes is n't likely to halt the growth of the industry 's surplus capital next year . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.42 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.28 % 90 days ; 8.15 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.95 % 180 days . 
Northrop , which since early 1988 has declined to accept fixed-price contracts for research and development , said earnings were hurt by excessive costs on a number of such contracts won years ago . 
Lloyd 's presently sells only auto insurance directly to the public , and such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the U.K. and Canada . 
Most market participants said they were looking to this week 's inventory statistics from the American Petroleum Institute to give the market some direction . 
GTE Corp. and MCI Communications Corp. reported strong earnings gains to record levels for the third quarter . 
And instead of buying the UAL stake , the U.K. carrier will be able to reduce its high debt level and build an acquisition war chest . 
The sums awarded to Messrs. Kelly and Newcomb represent bonuses the two men said they deserved from the first half of 1988 , but which were n't paid because of a dispute over an incentive contract . 
In the nine months , net rose 4.3 % to $ 525.8 million or $ 4.67 a share , from $ 504.2 million , or $ 4.41 a share , last year . 
`` If you sit down all the time , you 'll go stiff , '' says Joyce Hagood , a Roxboro , N.C. , homemaker who walks several miles a week . 
Using direct mail for a TV show is like fishing for whale with a breaded hook . 
In yesterday 's edition , the amount of new capital was misstated . 
The study was initiated by Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Joseph Biden ( D. , Del . ) . 
Alex Henderson , an analyst with Prudential-Bache , says Polaroid officials told him yesterday that U.S. sales of the company 's new conventional film product , introduced in the second quarter , have been `` disappointing '' after a promising start . 
The senator 's spokesman said yesterday that he pushed for the sale of Lincoln because `` hundreds of Arizona jobs { at Lincoln } were on the line . '' 
As banks processed six-foot telexes of sell orders , the crush led to Manic Monday 's worst decline : German stocks ended down 13 % . 
British Satellite today is unveiling a # 30 million advertising and promotional drive for the consortium 's planned five channels of movies , sports , entertainment and news shows . 
For the nine months , General Dynamics earned $ 210.3 million , or $ 5.03 a share , up marginally from $ 208.8 million , or $ 4.97 a share , on a 4.9 % rise in sales to $ 7.41 billion from $ 7.06 billion . 
`` Investors should stay with their stocks . 
These days , the secretary suffers the further disqualification that he is a member of a club of seven finance ministers who meet occasionally to decide what exchange rates should be , which is a diversion from the real business of the Federal Reserve to stabilize the price level . 
Says Mr. Bauman : `` If things get really tough , I can always auction it off at Sotheby 's . 
Diamond-Star Motors Corp. , a joint venture of Chrysler Corp. and Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will begin shipping Mitsubishi Eclipse cars to Japan next week , emulating other Japanese auto ventures shipping U.S.-built vehicles back to Japan . 
He added that , while there has n't been any official announcement as yet , the Highland Valley mine strike in British Columbia , which has lasted more than three months , is regarded as settled . 
Recession fears are springing up again among investors . 
He quickly cut the team 's bloated administrative staff by half , shut down a Cowboys-owned dance academy and , in July , announced plans to sell Valley Ranch , the team 's 30-acre practice camp and the most lavish training facility in the NFL . 
But ZBB did not involve the strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and therefore degenerated into a bean-counting drill driven by budget politics . 
Profit from coal fell to $ 41 million from $ 58 million , partly because of a miners ' strike . 
Farm income is 15 % below the average . 
Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $ 5,000 and sentenced to 18 months in prison . 
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate . 
A maxim of Frankfurt banking holds that wherever Deutsche Bank goes , other West German banks follow . 
The IRS recently amended the policy to cover stop-payment charges for checks lost by the IRS . 
Other nations are n't sure how many weapons they have in their own arsenals . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Falcon closed at $ 20 , unchanged . 
I view this as a building . '' 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues , which gained 111.48 points Wednesday , climbed 266.66 , or 0.76 % , to 35374.22 . 
Economists expected twice as large an increase . 
Between 1978 and 1987 , for instance , SH Oil in Winter Haven , Fla. , sold interests in oil wells to a very select group of local residents , while turning away numerous other eager investors . 
Trading activity in the junk market was extremely light as dealers could n't find enough buyers to match sellers . 
For the first nine months of the year , Norwood said the average fund has lost 3.3 % . 
As mandated by law , the tax rate will rise to 7.65 % in 1990 from 7.51 % and wo n't rise any further in the future . 
`` We did n't rubber-stamp everything that came to us , '' Mr. Lynch says . 
The recent sharp stock market decline exacerbated those concerns . 
The average 30-day simple yield was 8.26 % , compared with 8.27 % the week before , and the 30-day compound yield slid to 8.60 % from 8.61 % . 
And Japan 's management system makes it hard to impose a single , integrated computer system corporatewide . 
Bush has three vacancies to fill on the prestigious D.C. Circuit Court , which handles many important regulatory issues and is often considered a warm-up for future Supreme Court nominees . 
Southwestern shares fell 50 cents to $ 55.875 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Nearby Pasadena , Texas , police reported that 104 people had been taken to area hospitals , but a spokeswoman said that toll could rise . 
Rather , it 's of a kid ( we 're talking about 17 to 22 year olds here ) having a tough time making the best of what will probably be his one shot at college . 
( Part of Mr. Dinkins 's strength is his ability to win the support of both the Brooklyn and Harlem factions . ) 
Erasing the differences still dividing Europe , and the vast international reordering that implies , wo n't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary . 
`` I think { Mr. Phillips } is going to need some help . 
The rig was built around 1980 , but has drilled only two wells , the last in 1982 . 
Federal researchers said lung-cancer mortality rates for people under 45 years of age have begun to decline , particularly for white males . 
But Mr. Iacocca 's remarks are the most specific indication to date of how many plants could be in jeopardy . 
The write-off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results . 
A spokesman for the Chinese Embassy here said that the Beijing government has taken `` many effective measures '' to stop the mushroom contamination and is further investigating the underlying causes . 
Similar sentiments were voiced on Capitol Hill . 
The California pension fund , which has $ 16 billion already invested in real estate and mortgages , could be a valuable funding source for that development , although it is n't obliged to make further investments . 
Institutions , meanwhile , stepped back to the sidelines as the direction of U.S. interest rates remained unclear . 
Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets and several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year . 
Peter Isler , the winning navigator in the past two America 's Cup challenges , has split from the team led by Dennis Conner , skipper of the victorious Stars & Stripes , to form his own team for the next contest in 1992 . 
But let us not confuse profits of big business masquerading as concerns for people 's health care or for the cost . 
A week later , the man told Mr. MacInnis he had suffered a mild heart attack unrelated to the massage . 
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay . 
Marlin Fitzwater , White House press secretary , also asserted that Mr. Agnos had failed to return telephone calls from John Sununu , White House chief of staff . 
Overall , his investments so far this year are showing gains of about 20 % , he adds . 
Akzo also has spent heavily on acquisitions in paints , auto finishes and industrial coatings . 
For the nine months , net increased 4.4 % to $ 2.08 billion , or $ 2.25 a share , from $ 2 billion , which included $ 273 million reflecting the effect of an accounting change . 
The Bay Area Rapid Transit `` withstood the earthquake perfectly , '' said Mr. Engelken , adding that the rail system was running a full fleet of 45 trains during the day to provide an alternative for highway travelers . 
Although the half-hour situation comedy seen Mondays at 9:30 p.m . Eastern and Pacific time is n't a candidate for cancellation , it is slated for fine-tuning and by next week the network may announce `` Teddy Z '' is moving to 8:30 p.m. from its 9:30 time slot , replacing `` The People Next Door , '' which became the first network show to be canceled this season . 
But junk bonds took more hits . 
Jaguar finished 4 lower at 694 . 
Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is involved in other cancers , too . 
IBM will face an uphill climb against Digital , given Digital 's reputation for being better than IBM at hooking together different manufacturers ' computers . 
John V. Holmes , an investment-newsletter publisher , and three venture-capital firms he organized were enjoined from violating the registration provisions of the securities laws governing investment companies . 
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies . 
All this talk of boiler rooms and fraud is unnerving to the city 's legitimate business element . 
How quickly things change . 
Quake Not Likely to Jolt The Commercial Market 
Even if the press is ready to seize and misinterpret , these are not very complicated thoughts . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Boeing closed yesterday at $ 54.50 a share , off a scant 12.5 cents . 
More than half the people surveyed for the Employee Benefit Research Institute say they would be willing and able to pick up most of the cost of the coverage . 
Now was that a quarter cup or a half cup ? 
Meanwhile , investors turned a cold shoulder to the Treasury 's sale of $ 10 billion of new two-year notes yesterday . 
Schering-Plough said sales gained 2.7 % to $ 743.7 million from $ 724.4 million . 
My position is one founded on both the facts and the law . 
Still , Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the Republican capital-gains amendment , predicted that the tax cut would be enacted this year . 
The protection from using married puts is clearly superior to that afforded by another options strategy some investors consider using during troubled times : selling call options on stocks the investor owns . 
Doman said it was also granted an option to acquire the remaining 44 % interest in Western Forest , which is currently held by two Canadian banks . 
They offer these suggestions : 
Noting the recent Food and Drug Administration approval of Interferon 's genital warts treatment , National Patent said it believes Interferon 's stock is undervalued . 
Most of the loans in question are to Third World countries in South America . 
It also could put the government into the RU-486 business , which would please feminists dismayed at what they view as pusillanimity in the private-sector drug industry . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Rey has been very careful since then to make sure his moves are welcome . 
`` This is a time of self-criticism to discover what is wrong with us , '' he said . 
Double-Jointed 
It 's a world leader in auto manufacturing , but its aviation industry is struggling , and its space program is years behind the U.S. , the Europeans and the Soviets . 
The agreement requires approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission , and from shareholders of Paxus . 
But beyond this decorative nod to tradition , Ms. Bogart and company head off in a stylistic direction that all but transforms Gorky 's naturalistic drama into something akin to , well , farce . 
The bills will be dated Oct. 31 and will mature Dec. 21 , 
`` I pay a lot to the farmer and five times the state salary to my employees , '' he says . 
COFFEE : 
More than 100 people were injured , and a number of workers were missing . 
`` Institutions that usually buy retail paper have to be more concerned . '' 
In the past , the socialist policies of the government strictly limited the size of new steel mills , petrochemical plants , car factories and other industrial concerns to conserve resources and restrict the profits businessmen could make . 
In other words , the growth rates of both total GNP and real private business product per labor hour have been underestimated by about 20 % . 
Pierre Peladeau , a Canadian newspaper publisher little-known in the U.S. , figures to become a big player in North American printing -- and his ambitions do n't end there . 
Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared Harold Hershhenson , a former executive vice president ; John Pagones , a former vice president ; and Stephen Vadas and Dean Ciporkin , who had been engineers with Cordis . 
Chip 's Memory Is Here Today , Here Tomorrow 
According to military officers at the time , word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting . 
The FDIC cleared the move yesterday , and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase . 
According to reports released by the two government agencies , domestic consumer and wholesale prices each rose by 0.2 % in October from the previous month . 
According to Salomon Brothers ' `` stub '' stock index of 20 companies whose debt is giant compared with shareholder equity , investors are already beginning to retreat from shares of debt-laden companies . 
The 55-year-old Mr. Noriega is n't as smooth as the shah of Iran , as well-born as Nicaragua 's Anastasio Somoza , as imperial as Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines or as bloody as Haiti 's Baby Doc Duvalier . 
Sun Myung Moon , the Korean evangelist-industrialist who in 1954 founded the Unification Church , remains the mystery man behind a multimillion-dollar political and publishing operation based in this country and catering to the American right . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Tribune closed at $ 49.375 , down $ 4.75 . 
Takeover speculation , which has been buoying stocks of supply houses , may also ease , says Peter Sidoti , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The original transaction fell through on the same day British Air shareholders approved the plan at a special meeting after the British succeeded in arranging the financing for its equity contribution . 
`` Babies , kiddies , '' growls their manager -- a fellow named Earl Weaver , who , in a different time , handled four World Series teams and now handles the Gold Coast Suns . 
The other is Friday 's measure of October employment , an indicator of the broader economy 's health . 
`` But many newspapers are facing similar comparisons . '' 
They want to do more . 
Now that Vietnam appears to have pulled out its occupation army , the State Department is talking again about accepting an `` interim '' coalition government in the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh . 
Jack Ellis , a U.S. postal inspector in New York , says the Postal Service 's only job is to deliver the mail to the mail room ; once it gets there , a company can do with it what it wishes . 
Sales climbed 71 % to $ 6.36 billion from $ 3.72 billion as the company capitalized on the ravenous global demand for commercial airliners . 
In 1988 , the soft-drink giant earned $ 2.90 a share . 
Conservatives should take a position prior to the administration 's year-end deadline . 
Five of the six categories of weapons under negotiation have n't even been defined . 
The acquisition is subject to approval by Kennametal 's board . 
The law -- the first of its kind -- requires car rental companies in Texas to charge only `` reasonable '' rates for collision-damage waiver insurance . 
After cooling , the coins are then rewrapped . 
Some patent lawyers had hoped that such a specialty court would be filled with experts in the field . 
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run . 
That would be bad news for Navigation Mixte 's current management , which was counting on Allianz to help fend off Paribas . 
He said the decision was the first in which a federal appeals court has ruled whether administrative government proceedings qualify as litigation . 
'' Mr. Milunovich said he was revising his estimate for DEC 's current year from $ 8.20 a share to `` well below $ 8 , '' although he has n't settled on a final number . 
FREDERICK 'S OF HOLLYWOOD Inc. , Los Angeles , said its board voted a 50 % increase in the specialty boutique-store operator 's semiannual dividend , to five cents a common share . 
Krenz , however , vowed to preserve the Communist Party 's hold on political power and said East Germans should n't destabilize the nation with unrealistic demands . 
Larry Biehl , a money manager in San Mateo , Calif. , blames that on the advent of program trading , in which computers used by big institutional investors are programmed to buy and sell big blocks when certain market conditions prevail . 
They are a tribute to Federal 's management which , since the company 's founding 16 years ago , has had its way with its work force -- an unusual feat in the contentious transportation industry . 
Sales of new cars in Europe fell 4.2 % in September from a year earlier and analysts say the market could continue to soften in the months ahead . 
Charles Gardner , a former Unisys vice president , and James Neal , a former company consultant , have admitted participating in this and other bribery schemes . 
Raytheon Co. was issued a $ 19.2 million Air Force contract for support of the Milstar communications satellite . 
The 231-191 roll call illustrates the limits of power a resurgent abortion-rights movement still faces . 
damn ! 
Mr. Blinder said the change was n't related to the brokerage 's recent troubles , which have included sharp declines in earnings , run-ins with the securities regulators and lawsuits by former customers . 
Fox said it plans to offer its stations movies , theatrical and made-for-TV ventures , probably on Wednesdays , sometime next year . 
However , some bankers cited possible parallels between the Waertsilae Marine case and the collapse of Norway 's state-owned Kongsberg Vappenfabrikk AS two years ago . 
There were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still unaccounted for last night . 
But Mr. Bush and his advisers miscalculated the politics of the abortion issue , failing to grasp how dramatically the abortion-rights movement would be aroused following last summer 's Supreme Court decision to restrict those rights in the Webster case . 
By 10:30 a.m. the Dow was down 62.70 . 
In Tokyo Friday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.93 yen , up from Thursday 's Tokyo close of 141.55 yen . 
Meanwhile , there was an awful lot of confusion . 
Some components of the American church had their budgets cut in half last year and again this year . 
The new U.S. package also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
Under the current circumstances , he says , their scenario no longer seems unrealistic . 
Yet these purchases can be misleading . 
He said the provision `` was n't forced upon us , but the regulators made it very clear what they thought was an appropriate number . '' 
The put establishes a minimum selling price for the stock during its life . 
As long as a decade ago , Mrs. Thatcher declared she did n't want debate in her cabinet ; she wanted strong government . 
Kidder Peabody raised its investment rating on the stock and its earnings estimates for 1989 and 1990 , based on optimism that the company 's ABC television network will continue to fare well in the ratings . 
Still , on average , the major California banks have the highest yields on CDs , according to Banxquote . 
`` It 's possible to have a 10 % default rate in one year , because we 're already seeing big problems in the midst of a pretty strong economy . 
The first meeting yesterday was with 10 Senate Democrats who have expressed an interest in cutting the tax . 
`` They wo n't fight the listed companies . 
The number of people who said they were more likely to shop at Sears fell in September to 37 % from 66 % in March , when Sears blanketed the airwaves with ads about its new pricing strategy . 
The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Gillette said its continued presence in South Africa `` enables it to make meaningful contributions to South African society , to the lives of its employees and to the communities in which it operates . '' 
Agents say airlines , which track ticket numbers of all stolen tickets , should be doing more to catch the thieves by confiscating the tickets when they 're used . 
The London exchange 's electronic price-reporting system provided only indicative , or non-firm , prices for about 40 minutes on Manic Monday . 
National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 
Its capital spending is growing at double-digit rates for the second year in a row , and its superefficient producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to expand capacity , modernize factories and develop new products . 
His Next computer , introduced about a year ago and aimed primarily at university computer users , sports snazzy graphics , digital sound , built-in networking and a sleek black design . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
The trade deficit in the first eight months is already wider than the trade gap of $ 1.09 billion for all of 1988 . 
The vehicle has a top speed of 65 miles an hour and requires recharging from a standard wall socket every 100 miles . 
A battle with Mr. Icahn would rattle even the most seasoned chief executive , to say nothing of one who took the helm less than five months ago . 
As usual , the over-the-counter market 's biggest technology stocks were hardest hit . 
Large , heterogeneous election districts would encourage good government , said Madison , because a representative would be compelled to serve the interests of all his constituents and be servile to none . 
Chemical earnings declined by one-third to $ 120 million last year 's robust levels . 
Per-share earnings advanced 14 % because of the buy-back . 
The Russians are talking peace . 
`` Our business is constantly looking at all these things , '' he says . 
In many scams or alleged scams involving planners , it 's plain that only a modicum of common sense on the part of the investors would have kept them out of harm 's way . 
Mr. Ishiguro 's ability to create a fallible narrative voice that permits him to explore such intertwining domestic , cultural and political themes was abundantly clear in his previous novel , `` An Artist of the Floating World , '' set in Japan after the war . 
Four people torched three U.S. flags on the central steps of the U.S. Capitol in a bid to test a new federal law protecting the American flag from desecration . 
But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake , which could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims . 
Those percentages hardly changed from the previous year 's poll . 
That means that a corporation , after a specified amount of time has passed , can buy back its bonds by paying investors the face value ( plus , in some cases , a sweetener ) . 
He gave those bureaucrats charge of all naval operations in the Persian Gulf and Indian Ocean . 
For the nine months , Golden Nugget reported a net loss of $ 11.4 million , or 69 cents a share , based on 16.6 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
It rose sharply in the Northeast and Midwest and fell slightly in the South and West . 
`` The obligation is totally unwarranted , '' the statement said . 
The three of us stopped breathing for a moment , and then when it kept on coming we lunged for the doorway . 
Mr. McKinney will continue as chairman of the board and chairman of the executive committee of Banc One Indiana Corp. , the successor company to American Fletcher Corp. , but will no longer be active in day-to-day management . 
`` There 's a definite psychology of the sale and different personalities you pitch different ways , '' he says . 
The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff would construct the most effective defense program for each scenario , maximizing strengths and minimizing weaknesses . 
Officials at the Department of Revenue had dogged the foreign car maker for taxes owed on business transactions and were proceeding to settle the dispute in court . 
Sales of the heart drug TPA were $ 43.6 million , better than last year 's depressed third period when the company sold just $ 29.1 million of the drug . 
Mr. Seidman , who has been the nation 's top bank regulator , inherited the problems of Lincoln , based in Irvine , Calif. , after his regulatory role was expanded by the new savings-and-loan bailout law . 
What accounts for the results of recent decades ? 
Among the stocks featured in the market-makers ' squeeze was Sears , which closed at 107 pence ( $ 1.70 ) a share , up 3 . 
The group has forecast 1989 revenue of 56.9 billion francs . 
`` One generation ago , Mom joined Dad . 
Initial steps were taken at Poland 's first international environmental conference , which I attended last month . 
They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24 , 25 , 29 , 30 and 31 , and Jan. 4 , 5 and 6 . 
`` I do n't think it provides much new information on the economy , '' said Richard Rippe , economist at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
Previously United Illuminating had also called for seven years of 5.5 % increases . 
And it is preparing to set up shop in Chicago , New York and 10 other cities where court-reporting agencies can tie conference rooms into the network . 
Felix Siemienas is destroying it now . 
But analysts said the rebound did n't remove the cautious mood from the market . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
Last Friday 's market gyrations did not result in severe `` aftershocks . '' 
Many people here expect a room-rate war as the new projects open . 
One sign of a possible easing of credit policy was the decision this week of People 's Bank of China , the central bank , to allocate $ 5.4 billion in short-term loans to pay farmers for the autumn harvest , the official China Daily reported . 
He noted that the equity markets will set the tone for the industrial metals this week and traders should keep an eye on Wall Street . 
Since June , AmeriGas has netted more than $ 100 million from industrial gas divestitures and reinvested more than $ 50 million to acquire three propane distributors . 
Miyoshi Oil & Fat Co . ( Japan ) -- 120 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1993 , with a fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
( The 1989 price : $ 250,000 . ) 
Indeed , Mr. Gorbachev 's proposals display a close conceptual resemblance to the tenets of Italian fascism , whose architects spoke specifically of a `` third way '' : of having produced a historic synthesis of socialism and capitalism . 
It endorsed the White House strategy , believing it to be the surest way to victory . 
The proposed guidelines could also delay commercialization -- and force small companies to waste scarce capital , entrepreneurs say . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
`` Nothing is defined or signed at this point , '' Mr. Daly said of the talks . 
Not long after the appearance of life , evidently , there was an explosive proliferation in the number of animal designs seen on the earth . 
When the movie opens the Baker brothers are doing what they 've done for 15 years professionally , and twice as long as that for themselves : They 're playing proficient piano , face-to-face , on twin pianos . 
It 's wildly overwritten . 
The privatization program is designed to rid the government of hundreds of assets and to raise critically needed funds . 
Mr. Dinkins 's campaign manager and former chief of staff , Bill Lynch , denies that the Manhattan borough president has taken too long to decide important issues . 
He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . 
Its stock fell 12.5 cents , to $ 2.125 , in American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
The federation , with 5.8 million members nationwide , has been one of the sharpest critics of Exxon 's handling of the 11 million gallon tanker spill and has accused the company of repeatedly ignoring requests to meet and discuss it . 
250 million Dutch guilders of 7 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 15 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 7.57 % at issue price and 7.86 % less full fees , via AMRO Bank . 
The predictions of doom are `` premature , '' she says . 
Under the accord , Cray Research will transfer to Mr. Cray 's fledgling operation $ 53.3 million of assets primarily related to the Cray-3 development project his team is undertaking and will lend Cray Computer $ 98.6 million . 
Slowing economies in some areas limit student choice . 
Petroleum products prices also declined . 
Certainly I do not . 
The company 's stock ended at $ 48.375 , up 25 cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` I do n't think the checks are worth $ 15 apiece , '' he says . 
If `` Mancuso FBI '' has an intriguing central character , it also has a major flaw : 
Proceeds of the issue will be used for general government purposes . 
The Big Board also has a terrible communication problem with individual investors , '' he added . 
Now , after beating them , Mr. Achenbaum is joining them . 
Dealers and auction houses `` know if they do n't lay out a half a million for this , another one will ; it 's that competitive . '' 
Texas and California are traditionally powerful within the conference , but equally striking is the dominance of Alaska , Pennsylvania and West Virginia because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process . 
Unless the laws determining the noteholder 's rights to payment are independent of the issuer of those notes , however , a gold-based ruble would be as unsuccessful for the Soviets as it was for the czars . 
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.92 % . 
It included lawyers from civil rights and consumer groups , plaintiffs ' lawyers and defense attorneys , corporate counsel and law professors . 
Computer Sciences will perform data processing work for the Postal Service under the three-year contract , which also includes two additional option years for which compensation has n't yet been fixed . 
In the latest week , funds open to institutions alone grew by $ 1.8 billion . 
Apple Computer added that it was being `` cautiously optimistic , '' despite not yet closely eyeballing all of its 50 buildings in the region . 
In a ruling by the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans , Mr. Gaubert received the go-ahead to pursue a claim against the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas for losses he suffered when the Bank Board closed the Independent American Savings Association of Irving , Texas . 
The dollar was also slightly firmer and prompted some selling , as well , according to the analyst . 
The Coats bill , which already has 32 Senate co-sponsors , is n't a pure line-item veto because it would apply only to spending bills . 
The contract was first proposed more than two years ago , but shortly afterward , the colony 's markets were hit hard by the October 1987 global stock crash . 
In the British case , Mr. Lawson is the closest thing in London to a supply-side globalist . 
The business is expected to have sales of about $ 100 million in 1990 , Grace said . 
The officials said that most Japanese banks prefer the losses they 'd suffer in either of the latter options to the risk of new lending . 
Now , some see Mr. Bush trapped in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape . 
`` Di Provenza '' was n't much of an advertisement for sunny , southern France . 
He altered the wording to win Mr. Greenspan 's endorsement . 
Burmah said it had n't held any discussions with SHV and that `` no deal of any nature is in contemplation . 
Bond prices were barely higher . 
Several Cineplex analysts have speculated that outside bids received by the committee were either disappointingly low or for only part of the company . 
Net loss : $ 46.5 million ; 30 cents a share 
Since trading as low as $ 42.25 a share in May , Federal 's shares have rallied as high as $ 57.87 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The transaction also would combine Fresenius USA and Delmed . 
Separately , a third conference report covering an $ 18.4 billion Treasury and Postal Service bill was sent to the Senate after passing the House on a 383-30 roll call yesterday . 
`` It was an overreaction to an event { the failure of a management and union group to get bank financing for a takeover of UAL } that does n't mean that much to lots of stocks . '' 
Dow Jones & Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 . 
Viatech Inc. said it received approval from the French government for its proposed $ 44.7 million acquisition of Ferembal S.A . 
Other furriers have also placed more weight on retailing . 
The year-ago results , however , included the operations of a bottling business , which was sold last December . 
But the Nikkei fell an overall 1.8 % in value that day compared with Wall Street 's far sharper 6.9 % drop on Oct. 13 . 
The stadium was ordered evacuated soon afterward ; the announcement , made over police bullhorns , cited the power outage , but it later was revealed that there also had been damage of the sort reported by my friend . 
Erbamont will then be liquidated , with any remaining Erbamont holders receiving a distribution of $ 37 a share . 
They have laid out about $ 1 billion for so-called baccalaureate zero-coupon municipal bonds -- so far offered by Connecticut , Illinois , Virginia and eight other states . 
Judith Valente contributed to this article . 
Mr. Salvagni , 53 years old , succeeds John C. Griffin , 57 , who is retiring as corporate vice president of pharmaceutical manufacturing . 
This sort of improved link figures to eventually become a significant weapon for some companies . 
Funds will be used to repay existing short-term debt and to finance capital spending , it said . 
Delmed , which makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , president and chief executive officer , and of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer . 
In May 1986 , Dr. Blumenfeld gave Merrill Lynch & Co. about $ 40,000 for a federally insured certificate of deposit offering an effective yield of more than 9 % . 
Although Mr. Paul has pared a $ 1.35 billion junk-bond portfolio to less than $ 900 million since April , the high-yield debt market has plummeted . 
Every time he sees me , he gets very nervous . '' 
But , he continues , `` They 're forgetting we 're all Texans . 
The action is a counterclaim to a suit filed by Alaska in August against Exxon and six other oil companies . 
Manville and the trust are discussing the offer , but no decision has been made . 
Imports , then six million barrels a day , came primarily from Venezuela and Canada . 
Now it matters . 
Pachinko is slightly on the shady side , often linked to the lower ranks of Japan 's underworld and regularly at the top of annual lists of tax evaders . 
Mr. Kasparov was underwhelmed . 
$ 200 million of floating-rate notes due November 1994 , paying six-month London interbank offered rate plus 3\/16 point and priced at par via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
In fact , last Friday 's 190.58-point tumble in the stock market caught many people and businesses by surprise , not the least of them brokerage firms such as Shearson that print their weekly market commentaries on Fridays for dissemination the following week . 
The Big Board lists its targets as pension plans , mutual fund managers and index-arbitrage traders . 
Falconbridge , he says , will continue operating in its current form . 
`` Once they size them up , then they know what buttons to push . '' 
Now , says Mr. Biehl , value investing often means `` looking for downtrodden companies with terrible management that are in real trouble . '' 
`` The fit is so good , we see this as a time of opportunity , '' he said . 
NUCLEAR REACTOR FOR ISRAEL ? 
The SPCA says it has received more than 100 requests for foster homes on behalf of dogs and cats , though some people have sought temporary homes for birds and fish . 
Unless other rules are changed , the devaluation could cause difficulties for the people it is primarily meant to help : Soviets who travel abroad . 
The dollar dropped . 
And he yelled out ` dolce ! dolce ! ' { ` sweet ! sweet ! ' } . '' 
Father McKenna moves through the house praying in Latin , urging the demon to split . 
News of the major earthquake in California Tuesday triggered a round of dollar sales in early Asian trade , but most foreign-exchange dealers said they expect the impact of the quake on financial markets to be short-lived . 
It is shown weekdays on two of the country 's five networks . 
`` If they tried to sell , they 'd be chasing their own tail . 
But yesterday , Manhattan Cable announced it will launch Showtime on Nov. 1 to over 230,000 subscribers . 
The group , led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Mr. Sugarman , owns about 45.2 % of Rally 's . 
Later , the U.S. currency fell to about 142.25 yen on news reports of the San Francisco earthquake . 
Revenue rose to $ 1.5 billion from $ 1.1 billion . 
Mr. DeVoe said he expects prices to show some renewed instability over the next few sessions as institutions re-evaluate their stance toward the market in light of its decline . 
But the judge denied a request by the former national security adviser , who faces five criminal charges , to seek documents from Bush . 
No way . 
General Motors Corp. , meanwhile , said it will idle for yet another week its Linden , N.J. , assembly plant , bringing to three weeks the total time that plant will be idled during October . 
The Commerce Department said that as a result of a new adjustment to the formula used to calculate the index , the influence of this component has been reduced . 
Between 1981 and 1986 , the most recent five-year period for which figures are available , Lloyd 's reported over # 3.6 billion in claims and reserves against future losses ( $ 5.7 billion at today 's exchange rates ) , more than double the # 1.35 billion posted in the previous five-year period . 
These are not the actions of a development agency wed to central planning and to the concentration of investment decisions in the hands of government , as Mr. Roberts alleges . 
`` When they talk mega-issues , they 're truly talking mega , '' says S.A. Dave , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India . 
Despite the departure of Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan , the tug-of-war over the EMS could continue . 
Municipal bonds ended about 1\/8 to 3\/8 point lower , hurt by the circulation of two `` bid-wanted '' lists totaling $ 655 million . 
DGAULT : 
West German bond prices ended lower after a day of aimless trading . 
And we meet engaging crooks , such as Hassan `` the Head , '' famed for his head-butting fights , his whoring and his hashish . 
Prospect Street High Income Portfolio , for instance , now holds about 15 % in cash and equivalents , nearly quintuple the amount it held earlier this year , says John Frabotta , portfolio co-manager . 
According to senior consultants to the church , Mr. Moon has successfully negotiated a joint venture with the Chinese government to build an automobile-parts plant in Guangdong Province , an area of China with a substantial Korean minority . 
We reinvented it . 
The small changes in averages reflect generally unchanged yields at many major banks . 
West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development and Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with current interest bonds due 1990-2002 and 2019 and capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 . 
The December contract ended with a gain of 1.29 cents a pound at 74.35 cents . 
AIDS dementia -- which gradually steals children 's ability to speak , walk and think -- is often the most striking aspect of the pediatric syndrome . 
That does n't appear to be the case in Singapore , a country of about three million people with a relatively high soft-drink consumption rate -- a key indicator of Coke 's success in a market . 
Avondale was notified by Louisiana officials in 1986 that it was potentially responsible for a cleanup at an oil-recycling plant . 
Both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with LTV and others . 
But no significant problems have been reported among hundreds of people tested with the devices . 
UAL stock closed at $ 170 a share , down $ 8.375 . 
The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for research and development in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and the nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in new funds or transfers . 
Foreign Bonds 
Net income increased 6.7 % to 12.43 billion yen from 11.66 billion yen . 
`` Clubs need to be run like restaurants where every square foot makes a dollar , '' he says . 
`` It 's a severe case of regulatory whiplash , '' complains Henry Saveth of consultant A. Foster Higgins & Co . 
The new bacteria recipients of the genes began producing pertussis toxin which , because of the mutant virulence gene , was no longer toxic . 
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and triple-B by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less slipped to 7.96 % from 8.00 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
Under the plan , DeSoto said it will sell certain assets and businesses that do n't meet strategic and profitability objectives . 
Competing asset-allocation firms march to their own computer models , so some have been partly or fully invested in stocks this year while Renaissance has sat on the sidelines . 
The market , however , is expected to remain stable and expectations for future gains are high , traders said . 
( Cash flow , basically earnings plus depreciation , is one common gauge of a company 's financial health . ) 
Tan Sri Basir said the capital restructuring plan has been approved by Malaysia 's Capital Issues Committee and central bank . 
Yesterday 's election was a sequel to Enfield 's annual meeting in June when Mr. Blair disallowed proxies in favor of two Hees nominees . 
Storm flooding caused back-ups on the freeway , and many commuters had to find rides to BART 's stations , because parking lots were full before dawn . 
It said it will take a $ 10 million fourth-quarter charge against discontinued operations , reflecting certain write-downs and the planned sale of a unit . 
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged . 
Moreover , Mr. Douglas sees a revival of institutional interest in smaller growth stocks that could boost the performance of these stocks in the medium term . 
Either way , the word `` broker '' is clearly out of favor . 
Other analysts say that estimate is low . 
An effusive landscape ? 
In late 1987 , P&G asked the FDA for approval to market Metamucil as the first non-prescription , cholesterol-lowering product in the 
All along they have been noting the tremors and pointing out the underlying realities . 
When the smoke cleared , six people were dead ( three from heart attacks ) , and everyone wondered what in the world they were shooting at . 
For years , we tried to ignore the problem of poverty , and now that it has gotten out of hand it 's a new crusade for the media and our Democratic Congress . 
Estimates of damage in the area , visited Friday by Bush , topped $ 5 billion . 
Red tape is the bugaboo of small business . 
U.S. GNP rose at an annual rate of 2.5 % in the third quarter . 
It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double-B-minus\/B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single-B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . 
Some traders pointed hopefully to earlier estimates by UAL 's investment adviser , First Boston Corp. , that recapitalizations could yield $ 245 to $ 280 a share . 
The offering , Series 1989-83 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
Bristol-Myers Co. and Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 , but the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies . 
Michael Ruettgers , who had been executive vice president , operations , was named president and chief operating officer . 
THE EARTHQUAKE in San Francisco has sent few tremors through the hearts of real estate investors . 
Mr. Davis had paid $ 6 million for Citicorp 's backing of his last bid . 
Mr. Salinas 's unpopular Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , faces congressional elections in 1991 . 
Joann S. Lublin in London contributed to this article . 
Such companies `` are increasingly being left behind '' in the global liquor business , says Nomura 's Mr. Littleboy . 
Naturally , the principals ' union loves building tenure , and tenure has withstood previous challenge . 
To sweeten the pact further -- and to ease concerns of institutional investors -- BellSouth added a provision designed to give extra protection to holders if the regional Bell company ever decides to buy the rest of the new cellular company . 
If you asked me to select a stock with the highest expected return , I would select a stock with the greatest amount of undiversifiable risk , as I am sure your pros do . 
`` The non-food operations were largely Mr. Lortie 's creation { and } his strategy did n't work , '' said Steven Holt , a financial analyst with Midland Doherty Ltd . 
If All Else Fails ... . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Ferro closed at $ 25.25 , down 50 cents . 
Galileo will skim past Earth in 1990 and 1992 , collecting energy from the planet 's gravitational field to gain momentum for its trip to Jupiter . 
The company said recently it expects third-quarter earnings will be in range from $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million , or 14 cents to 18 cents a share , compared with $ 326,000 , or four cents a share , a year ago . 
Wafaa El-Sadr , who heads the AIDS program at New York City 's Harlem Hospital Center , ca n't find help . 
Some people think the search for liquidity is fruitless . 
The current trough is expected to be much deeper , because Beijing has cut off domestic funds from factories for the first time to slow inflation . 
Poland is the second Communist nation to recognize the Seoul government ; South Korea established diplomatic relations with Hungary in February 1989 . 
The average issue on Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index gained 35 % last year , Ms. Farrell of PaineWebber says . 
He grows rye and potatoes for a few hens , five cows and 25 piglets . 
It is widely known within industry circles that Hess had to buy oil products in the high-priced spot markets to continue supplying its customers . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Parsow and Elkhorn , which together hold 8.685 % of CACI 's common shares , said they think it is in the best interest of CACI stockholders that the company be sold . 
`` These people bounce back more resiliently than regular people , '' says Washington writer Suzanne Garment , who is working on a history of post-Watergate scandal . 
Leading the pack , Microsoft soared 3 3\/4 , or 4 % , to a record price of 84 1\/4 on 1.2 million shares . 
But the experiments continue to be plagued by lack of firm evidence that the extra heat is coming from the fusing of hydrogen atoms . 
Nearly half of the respondents ( 47 % ) said their investment portfolio was worth $ 250,000 or more , and 17 % said it was worth $ 1 million or more . 
`` To slow the rise in total spending , it will be necessary to reduce per-capita use of services , '' the NAM warns in a policy statement . 
Adm. Goupil rejected Dassault 's proposal to renovate the Crusaders , saying the cost was impossible to estimate . 
`` The pilots will be involved in any transaction that takes place around here , '' pilot union chairman Frederick C. Dubinsky declared yesterday . 
The securities are rated triple-A by Moody 's and Duff & Phelps Inc . 
Other insurance rates such as casualty insurance , which would cover liability claims , are n't likely to firm right away , says Alice Cornish , an industry analyst with Northington Research in Avon , Conn . 
One East Coast manufacturing executive , faced with a job transfer his wife resented , found that counseling helped them both come to grips with the move . 
`` Kodak understands HDTV is where everybody is going , '' says RIT 's Mr. Spaull . 
The position of chief operating officer is new . 
Then she discovered that Quotron Systems Inc. 's Sacramento lines were down , because they are normally tied in through a system that goes through San Francisco . 
`` What happens to those two basketball contracts will shape the next five years of network sports , '' says Peter Lund , a former CBS Sports president now at Multimedia Inc . 
Because Mr. Marcos died Sept. 28 , the privilege can no longer apply , the judge said . 
The facility will be marketed toward families , and room rates will be between $ 35 and $ 55 a night , MGM Grand said . 
Friday 's correction presents `` a pretty good buying opportunity , but let 's not speculate at this point in the business cycle , '' says Carmine Grigoli , chief equity portfolio strategist at First Boston Corp . 
Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces overcapacity in Western Europe , rising imports from East bloc countries and overseas , and declining demand . 
Vickers PLC , a United Kingdom defense and engineering company , said an investment unit controlled by New Zealand financier Ron Brierley raised its stake in the company Friday to 15.02 % from about 14.6 % Thursday and from 13.7 % the previous week . 
And then there 's the case of the missing gold watch . 
Chairman 
`` Climate varies drastically due to natural causes , '' said Mr. Thompson . 
We see , smell and hear slums filled with `` the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language , rattling coughs and the sound of people gathering spittle in their throats and spewing into the street . '' 
An undistinguished college student who dabbled in zoology until he concluded that he could n't stand cutting up frogs , Mr. Corry wanted to work for a big company `` that could do big things . '' 
The slow-growing mainframe market also has shown new signs of life lately . 
-- Let stand the mail fraud and conspiracy conviction of John Lavery , a former vice president of Beech-Nut Nutrition Corp. , a unit of Nestle S.A . 
Sales soared 28 % to $ 15.43 billion from $ 12.09 billion . 
When he is presented with a poster celebrating the organization 's 20th anniversary , he recognizes a photograph of one of the founders and recalls time spent together in Camden . 
Appointed editor in chief in July 1987 , Mr. Ngoc rapidly turned the staid Van Nghe into Vietnam 's hottest paper . 
Imports continued to outpace Philippine exports , despite gains in shipments abroad , the government National Statistics Office said . 
Traders expect the issue to be priced to yield 12 % . 
The three units had combined 1988 sales of about $ 904 million . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Knight Ridder closed at $ 51.50 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking . 
In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild founded Bankhaus M.A. Rothschild & Sons and later sent his four sons to London , Paris , Vienna and Naples to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century . 
British , West German , Scandinavian and other overseas insurers are bracing for big claims from the San Francisco earthquake disaster . 
Mr. Leemans said the hybrid rapeseeds created with this genetic engineering yield 15 % to 30 % more output than the commercial strains used currently . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. will manage the offering . 
Lloyd 's claims for the 1988 Piper Alpha oil-rig disaster in the North Sea , for instance , may reach $ 1 billion . 
Revenue declined 3.4 % , to $ 8.4 billion from $ 8.7 billion . 
Some claim they suffered losses because they sold while he was buying and others because they bought while he was selling . 
In contrast , dashboard computers , power seats and turbo-charged engines had little appeal . 
Pravda , meanwhile , has retained only 57 % of its 1986 readership . 
At 12:01 a.m. EST today , the federal government 's temporary $ 2.87 trillion debt limit expired . 
He said he expects Lotus Development Corp. to introduce a Next version of its popular 1-2-3 spreadsheet program in 1990 . 
There also has been speculation that Cathay will be among the major private-sector participants in the Hong Kong government 's plans to build a new airport , with the carrier possibly investing in its own terminal . 
Soon after that report , two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers . 
The industrial average recovered to close only 3.69 points lower , but petroleum futures never shook off the chill . 
One takeover expert noted that arbitragers could force a recapitalization through the written consent process under which holders may oust the board by a majority vote . 
But tonight 's offering , `` Settle the Score '' ( 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC ) , does n't even try . 
`` This is n't a new kind of union leadership , it 's a new Mexico . 
A seat on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was sold for $ 416,000 , down $ 36,000 from the previous sale Oct . 
Not everybody agrees that it 's time to trim . 
Going to the well of the chamber , Mr. Panetta demanded the costs be fully counted . 
We are prepared to support those changes , '' said Mr. Mosbacher . 
Toyobo Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
`` The pro-choice movement has shown -- finally -- that it can mobilize , '' says Glen Halva-Neubauer , a Furman University political scientist who specializes in how state legislators handle the abortion question . 
Instead , Mr. Beach says , investors `` probably should be carrying a very high level of cash , '' by which he means such so-called cash equivalents as money-market funds and Treasury bills . 
MassMutual Corporate Investors fell 3 to 29 after declaring a quarterly dividend of 70 cents a share , down from 95 cents a share . 
With due respect to `` highly classified correspondence '' and other buzzwords , the leakers are performing a public service . 
Eventually , Texaco , which was forced into bankruptcy proceedings by that litigation , settled its fight with Pennzoil for $ 3 billion in 1986 . 
AMERICAN PRESIDENT COS. , Oakland , shipping concern , annual sales of $ 2.2 billion , NYSE , had little damage to the cranes , dock or rail track at its container-ship facility near the collapsed Route 880 overpass . 
`` Rest assured , we proceed with exemplary fairness . '' 
KKR already has made about $ 1 billion of gains from earlier transactions with SCI TV , thus it is n't significantly affected by the company 's troubles . 
This week , a Baltimore Sun editorial said the Lantos subcommittee on HUD should forget about Sam Pierce 's testimony for the moment and call some other witnesses : the various congressional sponsors of the 40 pork-barrel projects . 
Exclusive of the gain , operating profit declined 35 % to $ 16.4 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 25.2 million , or 31 cents a share . 
Rumors of an impending devaluation have been circulating in Moscow for weeks , but the size of the cut took many Western bankers by surprise . 
On the other hand , Symbol Technologies dropped 1 1\/4 to 18 1\/2 after Shearson Lehman Hutton lowered its short-term investment rating on the stock and its 1989 earnings estimate , and Commodore International fell 7\/8 to 8 after the company said it expects to post a loss for the September quarter . 
Reflecting that logic , insurance-company stocks posted strong gains . 
The brokers ' hope has been that they could soon coax investors into shifting some of their hoard into the stock market . 
With many suburban areas basically overbuilt with shopping centers , inner-city areas may represent a major new untapped market for investment . 
Experts estimate the first sets of HDTVs wo n't be available for another five to 10 years , and will probably retail for more than $ 3,000 each in today 's dollars . 
And it helped win defense verdicts in product-liability suits involving scores of products , ranging from Firestone 500 tires to the anti-nausea drug Bendectin . 
Marion Harper , 73 , founder and ex-chief executive of Interpublic Group of Cos. , in Oklahoma City , of a heart attack . 
Afrikaner philosophers and theologians have long ruminated on the need for a white homeland . 
For the third quarter , Rubbermaid earned $ 32.6 million , or 44 cents a share , up 16 % from $ 28.1 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Three years ago , the ratio was reversed . 
The growing crowd of Japanese investors buying up foreign companies are n't all strait-laced businessmen in dark suits . 
Another takeover target , LIN Broadcasting , eased 1\/2 to 110 1\/8 on 313,800 shares . 
There have been a dizzying parade of studies of the firm 's operations . 
A good place to start the rehabilitation is a `` legislative line-item veto '' bill now being offered by Indiana Senator Dan Coats . 
The increase follows a monthly rise of 0.2 % in September from August . 
W. Mark Goode , president of Micronyx Inc. , a Richardson , Texas , firm that makes computer-security products , provided a new definition for Mikhail Gorbachev 's campaign for greater openness , known commonly as glasnost . 
After receiving complaints from egg producers , this branch got the other branch to rescind its approval , thus limiting the machine 's potential market to bakeries and restaurants and other establishments that are n't regulated by the USDA . 
I just do n't understand it . 
Beijing officials have said they will step up the campaign of arrests and intimidation against those who participated in the demonstrations . 
Did Mr. Freeman have notice of this ? 
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus . 
H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , the nation 's largest thrift holding company , posted a 12 % earnings decline for the third quarter while another large California savings and loan , Great Western Financial Corp. , reported a slight earnings gain . 
Most troublesome is the shrinking pool of `` names , '' the well-heeled investors ( some of them royal ) who , as members of about 360 syndicates , underwrite policies . 
Emergency crews searched through the charred rubble of a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , where a series of explosions Monday killed at least two people and injured 124 . 
During his years in Chiriqui , however , Mr. Noriega also revealed himself as an officer as perverse as he was ingenious . 
Philip L. Hall , president of J. Lawrence Hall Co. , Nashua , was named a director of this thrift holding company , filling a vacancy . 
Under current law , it is not financially rational to forgo consumption . 
Governments have become sophisticated in handling moments of panic ( a word the London Times forbade my father to use when he was reporting the Wall Street crash in 1929 ) . 
`` I spent so much money that if I look at it , and I 'm not on it , I feel guilty . '' 
J. Nicholas Hahn , Cotton Inc. 's president and chief executive , was an outspoken critic of WPP Group 's acquisition of Ogilvy Group earlier this year . 
The Census Bureau reported that 13.1 % of the U.S. population , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 . 
And the industry was rife with brokers trying to secure big client orders by using kickbacks , gifts , women and junkets . 
But other rake makers have their doubts . 
And the company is certain to get out some aircraft with just supervisors and other non-striking employees on hand . 
Now Robert Parker , author of several best sellers featuring Spenser , a contemporary private eye in the Marlowe mold , has with the blessings of the Chandler estate been hired to complete `` The Poodle Springs Story . '' 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
`` There 's nothing preventing BellSouth from buying up shares in the meanwhile . '' 
The Sept. 25 `` Tracking Travel '' column advises readers to `` Charge With Caution When Traveling Abroad '' because credit-card companies charge 1 % to convert foreign-currency expenditures into dollars . 
Previously , he noted , gold producers tended to back off from a rising gold market , letting prices rise as much as possible before selling . 
`` It happens . '' 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
That approach flopped : Last Christmas Day , a USAir Group Inc. DC-9 jetliner flew about seven passengers from Chicago to Pittsburgh . 
The stock market is the only major market without a market-maker of unchallenged liquidity or a buyer of last resort . 
British Airways fell 1 to 31 7\/8 . 
The thrift said earnings also were nicked in the quarter by a $ 4 million provision for losses associated with its previously reported plan to liquidate a real-estate franchise network . 
But Eagle said the financing was insufficient and sales during the past fiscal year sagged . 
A spokesman for GM , the No. 1 auto maker , declined to say how many Jaguar shares that company owns . 
From January to early September , the index of stub stocks -- the tiny portion of equity that 's publicly traded following a recapitalization -- outperformed Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index by about 20 % . 
In an interview , Mr. Joseph says his dinner discussion with the Prudential executives acknowledged problems for junk . 
In his opening arguments last week in federal court in New York , Mr. Lang told the jury that Mr. Lorin was the `` real master criminal '' behind the stock manipulation , and that Mr. Laff knew nothing about it . 
ITT Financial is a subsidiary of ITT Corp . 
Says Todd Richter , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds : `` The shakeout in the publicly traded companies is over . 
Venice has sunk 10 inches in this century . 
And the number of stocks hitting new lows far outstrips the number setting new highs . 
The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G-2 back on the U.S. payroll . 
Conner is supplying hard-disk drives for the machine , which weighs only six pounds and fits in a briefcase . 
Operating profit grew 57 % to $ 269 million from $ 171 million , while operating margins rose to 16.1 % from 15.9 % the previous quarter and 12.6 % a year ago . 
Among the glitterati who turned out in bipartisan black-tie force to benefit the Coelho Epilepsy Fund last month were Sen. Robert Dole , Rep. Newt Gingrich , and other kingpins of Congress . 
Other losing issues included Showa Shell , which fell 40 to 1,520 . 
Higher earnings helped some issues . 
Paribas said Lonrho will participate in the forthcoming capital boost for Societe Commerciale . 
First Boston Corp. is advising L.J. Hooker on the sale of the Merksamer business . 
Accepted theories state that investors require higher returns on riskier investments . 
Analysts were n't willing to speculate on how much money Carnival might lose through deposits . 
In the Manager 's Journal , Atsushi Kageyama , in commenting on many differences between American and Japanese culture , said , `` Japanese children are raised in a way many Americans would find severe . 
In fact , D.T. never left home , Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh , but communicated with its human handlers by telephone link . 
Revenue of $ 1.73 billion was almost unchanged from last year 's $ 1.72 billion . 
This is not only because it kills the unborn , a job at which it actually is not outstandingly efficient , zapping only 50 % to 85 % of them depending on which study you read ( prostaglandin , taken in conjunction with the pill , boosts the rate to 95 % ) . 
Meetings canceled by Apple Computer Inc. 's European sales force and by other groups raised the specter of empty hotel rooms and restaurants . 
The time is Pacific Daylight Time , and the initials or nicknames are those subscribers use to identify themselves . 
`` It provided an excuse for people to get back to reality and to look at the economic data , especially the third-quarter economic numbers , and to realize that we ca n't continue to gloss over what is going on in the junk bond market . '' 
`` That is consumer issues . '' 
That would help reduce Santa Fe Pacific 's remaining debt to about $ 600 million from a high of $ 3.7 billion in early 1988 . 
The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9 % for blacks and 5.3 % for whites . 
He said that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read . 
Bond prices inched higher . 
Comsat Video is headed by Robert Wussler , who resigned his No. 2 executive post with Turner Broadcasting System Inc. just two weeks ago to take the Comsat position . 
He dedicated all these new forces to the Persian Gulf . 
Two Los Angeles radio stations initiated Red Cross donation campaigns , and one Los Angeles bank manager forked over $ 150,000 of his own money for relief purposes , the Red Cross said . 
The internal investigation also criticized MiniScribe 's auditors , Coopers & Lybrand , for allegedly ignoring numerous red flags . 
The Japanese want us to accept their culture , but they refuse to accept the American culture . 
But as one expert tells me : `` Whoever it is will have to work pretty damn hard to be worse than Barre . '' 
And Tina Brown , editor of Conde Nast Publications Inc. 's Vanity Fair , said advertisers are frequently asked to take advertising positions in the back of her magazine to relieve ad clutter . 
Others said IBM might increase the size of the offering to as much as $ 1 billion if investor demand is strong . 
Making matters worse was the fact that late Friday afternoon the CBOE halted stock-index options trading in step with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's halt in stock-index futures . 
The House approved a short-term spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake . 
The market for export financing was liberalized in the mid-1980s , however , forcing the bank to face competition . 
Over the next three years , public schools will get 1.5 million PCs , a 15-fold increase from current levels . 
But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation . 
Among other things , the industry is trying to come up with standardized business lists that cut down on duplications . 
HRH : 
What could be better than getting a tad more income from them ( the plus ) than other people ? 
In London , stocks closed lower in volatile trading as an opening rally was obliterated by worse-than-expected U.S. trade figures . 
But due to dramatic events on the battlefield over the past few days and weeks , those Soviet bases may soon be as endangered and as lonely as the American runway . 
Currently , the company has about six million common shares outstanding . 
The appetite for oil-service stocks has been especially strong , although some got hit yesterday when Shearson Lehman Hutton cut its short-term investment ratings on them . 
In one breakdown , GM attributed half of its net to its two big technology units , Electronic Data Systems Corp. and GM Hughes Electronics Corp . 
Now it offers richer commissions to lure a broker a week . 
Manville said the shares issued to the trust were intended to be sold , as needed , and that Manville has the right of first refusal to buy those shares . 
`` We are n't inclined to prune stock portfolios now , '' says Steven G. Einhorn , chairman of the investment policy committee of Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
CNBC is available to 13 million cable households . 
The exchange also may step up its disclosure of firms engaged in program trading , these people said . 
Next month , Seagate Technology , which is the dominant supplier of hard-disk drives for personal computers , plans to introduce its first family of low-power drives for battery-operated computers . 
He also noted that various work environments , such as night work , have their own `` stressors . '' 
Occasionally , gross chromosome damage was visible . 
Already , ruling Liberal Democratic Party demands that opposition members testify under oath in parliament have stalled one budget committee session and forced the committee to plan a special two-day investigation at the end of the month . 
Nobody can estimate the toll , but John Gargan , a Tampa , Fla. , planner and head of one trade group , the International Association of Registered Financial Planners , thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is `` humongous , '' far greater than that from crookery . 
`` At some point , we 're going to need an infusion of funds , '' a person close to the trust says . 
The letter to Mr. Bush was signed by Reps. Bruce Vento ( D. , Minn. ) , the chairman of the Banking Committee 's RTC Task Force , Thomas McMillen ( D. , Md. ) , Kweisi Mfume ( D. , Md . ) and Paul Kanjorski ( D. , Pa . ) . 
Sony Corp. , which temporarily dropped out of the PC business three years ago , started selling its work station in 1987 and quickly became the leading Japanese company in that market . 
The company is active in office and residential development in New York . 
The subject of this discussion is non-violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations . 
In its order , the state regulatory agency said the company `` must be held accountable for the mistakes made in the management of the plant 's operation . '' 
The Soviet Union has halted construction of two Chernobyl-type nuclear reactors and is reassessing the future of 12 other existing reactors . 
While investigations into lawyer misconduct will remain secret , the public will be notified once a formal complaint is filed against an attorney . 
Ballooning at the de rigueur hour of 6 a.m. held all the attraction for most people of sunrise root-canal work . 
It suggests that households accumulate wealth across a broad spectrum of assets . 
The new contract also eliminates the $ 15 monthly coupon , good only at union-owned grocery stores , that was part of the salary of every worker , from roughneck to chief executive . 
CalMat said the sale is part of its previously announced plan to sell much of its real estate holdings to focus on its core business of mining and producing asphalt , concrete , rock and sand . 
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. . 
Or open up an electronics magazine and peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders and other snooping gadgets . 
And , surprisingly , little more than a whimper of protest is being heard , even though Reaganauts once breathed fire supporting the Contras and the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
`` We all like stress , but there 's a limit , '' says Paul D'Arcy , of Rohrer , Hibler & Replogle , a corporate psychology and management consulting firm . 
In high-tech , the Bay area accounts for 15 % to 20 % of the U.S. computer-related industry . 
Citicorp 
Many investors expected damage from the hurricane to be the catalyst for higher rates in the industry , which has been depressed because of low rates arising from intense competition . 
But for others , the pledges echo the promises made after the 1987 stock crash , when similar problems led many markets to develop the new systems that performed so badly last week . 
The chain currently has 90 retail outlets in Japan , seven in the U.S. , three in Hong Kong and a dozen more scattered around the globe . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Dun & Bradstreet closed yesterday at $ 53.75 , down 25 cents a share . 
Norton announced earlier this month that it was exploring the possible sale of all or part of Eastman Christensen . 
( Mr. Blodgett , who was convicted in Florida state court of selling unregistered securities and in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to defraud and deceive , is now on probation . 
Mesa Airlines said the takeover offer it received earlier this week from StatesWest Airlines is for a combination of cash and securities valued by StatesWest at $ 10 a Mesa share . 
`` Talk hurts from where it spurts , '' one of them says . 
Italian news reports said Mr. Carboni and a colleague obtained 1.2 billion lire in checks from a Vatican official , Pavel Hnilica . 
Mr. Decker is about 45 years old . 
At the same time , the market is smaller than the market for IBM-compatible software . 
Last Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , its 43%-owned U.S. TV production and distribution affiliate , filed for Chapter 11 protection . 
Alan Bond , chairman and controlling shareholder of the cash-strapped Australian media , brewing , resources and property concern , disclosed the debt figures yesterday . 
The Swedish publishers of a new Estonian-language newspaper rushed an extra edition across the Baltic on Oct. 10 after the first run sold out in one day . 
So , some see a special irony in the fact that Mr. Steinhardt , the trader , now is encumbered with a massive , illiquid airline holding . 
At San Francisco International Airport , shock waves wrecked the control tower , knocking down computers and shattering glass . 
John C. Burton , an accounting professor at Columbia University 's Graduate School of Business , said `` there 's a lot of emotion involved in the name of an accounting firm with a long history and with roots in England , where accounting predates the U.S. . '' 
But there is no solid evidence that the Khmer Rouge have changed . 
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing . 
The Minneapolis computer systems and services concern said the offer is required under the senior note indenture as a result of Control Data 's recent sale of its disk drive subsidiary , Imprimis , to Seagate Technology Inc . 
MGM Grand Inc. said it filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a public offering of six million common shares . 
This means Interior contacts can not be logged only on one day -- a Sunday that had already passed . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
This service identifies each caller 's phone number , and it can be used to generate instant mailing lists . 
This brings into question the motives of those who lead civil disobedience demonstrations . 
After four year of tinkering and $ 2.4 million in seed money , the board set up the new marketplace , titled it the Chicago Board Options Exchange , and named Sullivan its first president . 
Obviously , it 's lost on you that about 75 % of the American people these days ( and in fact the president of the United States ) consider themselves environmentalists . 
`` Mr. Hunt 's attempt to squeeze the silver market 10 years ago is still indirectly to blame for today 's market depression , '' says Lesley Edgar , managing director of Sharps Pixley Ltd. , London bullion brokers . 
The name is supposed to connote feminine grandeur , but in Japanese it means `` eyeglasses . '' 
StatesWest owns 7.25 % of Mesa . 
Still , Mr. Peladeau stuck with the venture . 
The rights plan would be triggered if a person or group acquires 20 % or more of the common shares outstanding without making an offer to all shareholders . 
No cholesterol , of course . 
General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. are now going head to head in the markets for shares of Jaguar PLC , as GM got early clearance from the Federal Trade Commission to boost its stake in the British luxury car maker . 
But once the pound steadied with help from purchases by the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , the dollar was dragged down , traders say , by the stock-market slump that left the Dow Jones Industrial Average with a loss of 17.01 points . 
During the latter part of the 19th century , Russia was on a gold standard and had gold reserves representing more than 100 % of its outstanding currency , but no one outside Russia used rubles . 
Well , think twice . 
For the nine months , net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $ 17.7 million related to settlement of a lawsuit -- was $ 170.6 million , or $ 4.54 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 161.3 million , or $ 4.32 a share , a year ago . 
The indictment charged that Pymm operated a machine to crush broken thermometers and recover the mercury in an illegal workroom . 
If directors or producers phone me and say they know ` Liz , ' I know they 've never met her . 
The vast majority of the U.S. corn crop now is grown from hybrid seeds produced by seed companies . 
It 's no accident that they 've been able to develop such successful material . '' 
Also , the smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded , and so are harder to buy and sell quickly than blue chips . 
Finally , there is one family movie that quite eloquently explores the depth of human emotion -- only its stars are bears . 
In recent months a group of lenders , led by Bank of America , has extended Control Data up to $ 90 million in revolving loans through January , as well as $ 115 million in standby letters of credit . 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. , shelf offering of $ 575 million of debt securities . 
In the corporate bond market , traders said the new-issue market for junk bonds is likely to pick up following Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. 's $ 475 million junk bond offering Friday . 
A special section dealing with aviation rights states that landing rights for Hong Kong 's airlines , which include the smaller Hong Kong Dragon Airlines , will continue to be negotiated by Hong Kong 's government . 
The primitive operations also burst out the back door into a small courtyard , where an ancient press squeezes rubber solution into a flat strip and newly made tires are cooled in a bathtub filled with water . 
It 's a danger . 
Officials at the United Scientific unit , Optic-Electronic Corp. of Garland , Texas , and at Imo Industries of Lawrenceville , N.J. , could n't be reached for comment . 
Sales for the latest nine months rose 7.7 % to $ 13.34 billion from $ 12.38 billion in the year-ago period . 
It does not matter if one is defeated , provided the work that gets the award has unmistakable qualities . 
Piping in a waste-treatment plant needed immediate repairs . 
Opponents of the project had claimed that the city and the state of New York , which are co-sponsoring the project , had failed to adhere to environmental guidelines . 
The Moloch that knows no God but more ? '' 
Roger Early , a portfolio manager at Federated Investors Corp. , said that yields on the so-called bailout bonds are n't high enough to attract his attention . 
`` This sets things way back . '' 
The dispute pits two groups of claimants against each other . 
Prices of European government bonds also rose as U.S. stocks declined . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
The loss stems from $ 357.5 million of write-downs on Columbia 's $ 4.4 billion high-yield investment securities portfolio , which includes about $ 3.7 billion of junk bonds , $ 400 million of preferred stock , and Treasury securities . 
With jury verdicts getting bigger all the time , companies are increasingly willing to pay huge sums for such advice . 
The Federal Reserve Board said output of the nation 's factories , mines and utilities expanded at an annual rate of 1.3 % in the third quarter , substantially slower than the 3.3 % annual rate in the second quarter . 
There are drawbacks . 
Robert H. Carlson , previous president and chief executive of Universal-Rundle , will assume the title of chairman of the unit , a vitreous-china maker . 
The Iraqi oil minister and Saudi oil minister Hisham Nazer insisted in their comments to the conference that their countries would act responsibly to maintain a stable market . 
The usual maneuver is to borrow against the portfolio value or issue preferred stock , using the proceeds to buy additional bonds . 
Dow officials were signaling that the company would earn less than $ 15 a share this year even before they announced in July a plan to acquire 67 % of Marion Laboratories Inc . 
Second Section volume was estimated at 14 million shares , unchanged from Monday . 
They say that the recent injection of liquidity into the U.S. banking system has been modest , and they do n't anticipate significant easing by the U.S. Federal Reserve . 
Kawasaki Steel was down 11 at 788 , Kobe Steel lost 5 to 723 , and Nippon Steel slipped 6 to 729 . 
The suit alleges that Ms. Levine was fired after she refused to accept a lower paying , less visible job upon reaching her sixth month of pregnancy . 
She says her group used to give tips on selecting planners -- check educational and experience credentials , consult regulators and Better Business Bureaus -- but found that even some people who took these steps `` were still getting ripped off . '' 
U.S. terrorism experts also say they are highly uncertain about the veracity of the separate documents leaked to the New York Times . 
The fourth quarter is always IBM 's biggest by far , with most sales coming in December as customers seek to use budgets before year end . 
The administration said improvements in Costa Rica 's economic condition warrant the cut in aid , which the country uses mainly to make payments on its $ 4.5 billion foreign debt . 
The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities . 
Officials at the Washington D.C.-based charity did n't return repeated phone calls . 
Stockholders , as a group , can win , because they own a share of corporate earnings , which can grow and boost stock prices . 
`` The networks are paying too much for rights , '' warns adman Paul Isacsson of Young & Rubicam . 
The tab even covers $ 8 million in commitment fees owed to Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , even though their failure to obtain $ 7.2 billion in bank loans for the buy-out was the main reason for its collapse . 
We ran into the house to get Mame , but the next tremor threw me in the air and bounced me as I tried to get to my feet . 
In light of the recent skittishness in the high-yield market , junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors . 
For his troubles , Mr. Chan was jailed three times between 1960 and 1974 . 
Under the terms of the accord , Ingersoll will pay about $ 255 million for the Register , a daily that Goodson bought for about $ 170 million in 1986 . 
She thinks the next area of support for copper is in the $ 1.09 to $ 1.10 range . 
Such sentiment is being supported by word that a large amount of cash from investment trust funds is scheduled to enter the market later this week and in early November . 
Lawyers for shareholders , Bally and Mr. Trump all declined to talk publicly about the proposed settlement , citing a request by a federal court magistrate not to reveal details of the agreement until it is completed . 
Volume was 276.8 million shares , beneath the year 's previous low of 280.5 million shares Sept. 25 , the session before the August trade figures were released . 
Spokespersons for both the trust and the company refused to comment on whether any talks with a possible acquirer of Manville had actually taken place . 
Pacific Telesis Group said its Pacific Bell unit sustained property damage of about $ 45 million to $ 50 million from the California earthquake earlier this month . 
It is generally agreed that when CFCs rise from earth to stratosphere , the chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules and form ozone . 
But the 49-year-old Mr. Pilson is hardly a man to ignore the numbers . 
Jacobs is an international engineering and construction concern . 
Furthermore , she had insisted on paths so narrow ( five to eight feet ) and hedge corners so square that standard maintenance equipment -- trucks or cherry pickers -- could n't maneuver . 
In addition to the $ 8 million for Citicorp and Chase , Salomon Brothers is also owed $ 3 million for promising to make a $ 200 million bridge loan . 
The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry-government trade group . 
The embryo had progressed only to a clump of eight identical cells . 
City crews tallied the wreckage to buildings , but lacked a clear sense of how gravely transportation arteries were disabled . 
Mr. Florio savors this vindication , but at age 52 , the congressman is also a product of his times and losses . 
`` Our competitors say we overbid them . 
VLSI TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of semiconductor products , annual sales $ 171.9 million , OTC , minimal damage to facilities , no injuries , expected operations to return to normal late yesterday . 
But despite mounting recession fears , government data do n't yet show the economy grinding to a halt . 
Canada 's Province of Nova Scotia , shelf offering of up to $ 550 million of debentures . 
`` We want people to think of Lake View as an historical park and educational experience ... . 
Billings were n't disclosed . 
Some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions . 
Import competition for U.S. furs has risen sharply since furriers started aggressively marketing `` working-girl mink '' and similar lower-priced imported furs in recent years . 
But observers expect broad support . 
Stock prices tumbled for a third consecutive day as earnings disappointments , a sluggish economy and a fragile junk bond market continued to weigh on investors . 
Investors welcomed the move . 
Quotron also provides trading and other systems , services for brokerage firms , and communications-network services . 
Unveiled last April , the chip crams 1.2 million transistors on a sliver of silicon , more than four times as many as on Intel 's earlier model , 80386 . 
That is the way the system works . 
The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
And thousands of Afghan children have been taken to the Soviet Union , where they are hostage for the behavior of their families . 
That ship , which would carry about 2,050 passengers , would expand the capacity of Carnival 's existing 14-ship fleet by 24 % . 
Despite the inevitable comparison with Compaq , however , Texas Instruments ' new notebook wo n't be a direct competitor . 
`` People say they swim , and that may mean they 've been to the beach this year , '' says Krys Spain , research specialist for the President 's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports . 
New York Life has been doing the same for over 140 years . '' 
European multinationals do likewise ; even in America , their affiliates are usually run by American managers . 
At the very least , it would appear that Sis is a poor judge of masculine charm . 
-- Junior football player . 
In announcing the results , USAir cited many of the same problems that several other industry officials have named recently . 
This year , the city faces a budget deficit that could become even bigger next year . 
Dr. Toseland , a toxicologist , said he was preparing an article for a British forensic medical journal raising the possibility that the deaths may have occurred after human insulin blunted critical warning signs indicating hypoglycemia , or low blood sugar , which can kill diabetics . 
First Boston 's Graeme Anne Lidgerwood values Santa Fe at 24 , down from her earlier estimate of 29 . 
$ 2,057,750,000 . 
Some lawyers say the slump , while more obvious in recent weeks , began earlier this year . 
But what do we mean , specifically , by `` creativity '' ? 
Los Angeles Creates A Courthouse for Kids 
And today , many of their children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren remain on welfare . 
a - Ex-dividend . 
Now , Maxwell founder Robert Maxwell says he has an appetite for new acquisitions in the U.S. , adding that he could spend `` a good deal more '' than $ 1 billion on another U.S. purchase . 
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business . 
No one else will watch out for you . 
In return , HealthVest agreed that it wo n't exercise its rights and remedies against Healthcare during the 120-day period . 
Analysts are concerned that much of the high-yield market will remain treacherous for investors . 
Farm lending was enacted to correct this problem by providing a reliable flow of lendable funds . 
The second ship , which is half-completed , is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 , and the third in fall 1991 . 
Now the assault is on , '' said one top trader . 
Toyota Motor Corp. 's sales offices in Japan have one-tenth the computers per employee that its own U.S. offices do ; over the next five years , it is aiming for rough parity . 
And senior officials of two U.S. securities houses say they switched trades in European stocks to the London market last week when they could n't unwind positions on the Continent . 
That would benefit Chinese enterprises as well as Sino-foreign joint ventures , both of which have been plagued by shortages of working capital . 
The most onerous , many entrepreneurs say , is the record-keeping and filing required by tax authorities . 
Three days later , before the new embryo had become implanted in the uterus , it was washed out of the mother mouse . 
And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels . 
That is n't the $ 40 that delighted producers a decade ago or the $ 10 that pleased users a year ago . 
The proposed purchase requires approval from Investment Canada , which monitors large foreign investments in Canada . 
We read with interest Robert Tomsho 's Sept. 28 page-one article on Robert Redford ( `` The Sundance Kid Gets Little Respect Around Sundance '' ) . 
Bids totaling $ 465 million were submitted , and accepted bids were at 8.292 % . 
Lloyd 's officials decline to comment on the matter . 
U.S. exports benefited in August from heavy Canadian spending on new plant and equipment and a pickup in Canadian auto demand , Canadian officials said . 
That started the still-raging bidding wars . 
In October doctors were debating the product 's safety , some claiming it caused infections . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 41.76 Tuesday , was up 0.24 points , or 0.01 % , at 2642.88 . 
Meanwhile , Boeing officials and representatives of the Machinists union met separately last night with a federal mediator in an attempt to break the month-old strike that has shut the aerospace giant 's assembly lines at a time when it has an $ 80 billion backlog of jetliner orders . 
In response , Treasury prices soared 1 1\/8 points , or about $ 11.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
`` The Fed wo n't be stampeded into easing , '' Mr. Logan said , predicting that for now , interest rates will stay where they are . 
His successor approved the $ 1 price in the process of clearing the backed-up papers on his desk . 
So far , neither the Bush administration nor arms-control experts in Congress seem moved by arguments that these problems may take more time to thrash out than President Bush has allowed . 
Housing construction sank in September to its lowest level since the last recession , the Commerce Department reported . 
Estimated volume was a light 2.4 million ounces . 
Donaldson Lufkin declined to comment on the restructuring . 
The Eastern District unit in Brooklyn , N.Y. , lost seven of its 15 attorneys this year partly because the lawyers were troubled by the proposed reorganization , says Laura A. Brevetti , who left the strike force to join Morrison Cohen Singer & Weinstein , a New York law firm . 
After winning a school competition with a performance of the latter 's `` Violin Concerto , '' Mr. McDuffie was invited to play the work for the composer , who was dying of cancer . 
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas-tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas-tax-increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June . 
Details about its size and cost have n't yet been determined . 
Instead , many small and medium-sized banks , and some larger ones , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , Japanese banking officials said . 
Even if only some of the allegations stand up , however , they provide ample testimony to the awesome power of judges in rural communities . 
Y&R 's Klein Steps Down 
In trying to raid USAir , Mr. Steinhardt abandoned his usual role as a passive investor , and ran into snags . 
Yesterday , Armstrong announced an agreement to sell its small Applied Color Systems unit to a subsidiary of the Swiss company , Brauerei Eichof Ltd . 
Domestic machine tool plants received $ 303 million of orders last month , up 33 % from August 's $ 227.1 million , but still below the $ 328.2 million of September 1988 , NMTBA said . 
The average yield there on six-month issues is 8.32 % . 
In addition to expected losses tied to the labor strike , the coal group has spent almost $ 20 million since the strike began for security , the company said . 
But what we may not know is just what makes somebody a sucker . 
Meson Investment Ltd. , a Vancouver , B.C.-based investment firm , said it raised its stake in Verit Industries to 8.9 % of the common shares outstanding . 
The West German machinery and plant equipment industry 's orders rose an inflation-adjusted 1 % in September from a year earlier despite a sharp drop in foreign orders , the German Association of Machinery Makers said . 
The team was composed of representatives from engineering , manufacturing , corporate estimating , flight test , material , quality control , and other departments . 
We are the producers of that movie . 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.55 yen , unchanged from Tuesday 's Tokyo close . 
In two of three years , the actual result should fall within that range if all the assumptions were accurate . 
Moreover , the U.S. can expect more competition from low-cost producing Pacific Rim and Latin American countries . 
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit . 
Declining issues swamped advancers , 1,222 to 382 . 
The company cited higher tax credits in the second quarter , totaling $ 63 million , compared with $ 28 million in the third quarter . 
But the broadcasts continued through the blacked-out night , with pictures of the sandwiched highway ganglion in Oakland and firefighting in the Marina district . 
Mitsubishi is also pushing ahead with a controversial plan to redevelop Marunouchi into a business center of high-tech buildings , a project budgeted for 30 years and six trillion yen . 
To institutional investors or brokers , he adds , a company with value is a company at risk of being swallowed up . 
Each Rothschild bank is linked by family ties and cross-ownership . 
If those who have the money do n't get involved with the museums and the charities , then City Hall will do it , badly . 
Charlotte Carpenter Bainbridge Island , Wash . 
As of late yesterday , the IPO was still on . 
Here is the Commerce Department 's latest report on personal income . 
That will bring the total for the year to 10 , from five during fiscal 1989 . 
They divert law-enforcement resources at a time they are most needed for protecting lives and property . 
To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of power in Congress since 1932 and have been able to translate such clout into relatively more local benefits for their respective constituencies , voters in the South have had an especially strong incentive to keep such Democrats in office . 
Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting 's chairman , was named chairman of Turner Pictures , and Gerry Hogan , president of Turner Entertainment Networks , was named president of the unit . 
An article in the World Business Report of Sept. 22 editions incorrectly referred to his father , Grand Duke Jean , as the crown prince . 
The balloting , considered a test for the prime minister and the ruling Congress ( I ) Party , comes amid charges of inept leadership and government corruption . 
8:01 a.m . 
But in Baltimore , Dr. Vogelstein , a young molecular biologist at Johns Hopkins Medical School , believed Dr. Knudson was right , and set out to repeat the Cavenee experiment in cells from other cancers . 
Mr. Beddall had been executive vice president of the division since April . 
The best baseball teams win six of 10 games and the worst win four of 10 . 
Managers of junk funds were bolstering their cash hoards after the September cash crunch at Campeau Corp . 
Two other global liquor giants , Canada 's Seagram Co. and Britain 's Allied-Lyons PLC , also are possible buyers . 
Growth of 10 % would make sales for the latest quarter $ 269 million , compared with $ 244.6 million a year ago . 
So far , analysts have said they are looking for $ 3.30 to $ 3.35 a share . 
My language sure goes to pot down here on the coast . '' 
Traders will also watch for whether the Soviet Union continues its traditional fall buying of U.S. grain . 
On that film , which is to start shooting in a few months , `` they 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the script . 
Mr. Ortega understands better than those who worry about his behavior that what sustains the Sandinista movement is not democratic peace , but nondemocratic unpeace . 
`` My assessment and everyone 's assessment is that we do not have the kinds of information that let us responsibly and effectively formulate and execute our budget , '' Mr. Goldberg said . 
The country abandoned its former devotion to socialist unity and took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road . 
Revenue for the quarter ended Sept. 30 fell 20 % , to $ 41.3 million from $ 51.9 million in the year-earlier period . 
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists . 
The notion that tracking is somehow `` undemocratic '' is absurd . 
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December . 
Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo , and urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in furniture cushioning and other products . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp. -- # 100 million of 12 % bonds due June 15 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 12.39 % annually less full fees , via Samuel Montagu & Co . 
On leasing , Bob Djurdjevic at Annex Research said he thinks IBM has hurt itself unnecessarily . 
For the nine months , Gillette 's net income declined 1 % to $ 205.3 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 207 million , or $ 1.82 a share , in the 1988 period . 
Mr. Stevens declined to give the specific contributions to the $ 50 million guarantee from each participant . 
In its second quarter last year , Western Digital earned $ 12.7 million , or 44 cents a share , on sales of $ 258.4 million . 
LIN 's suitor , McCaw Cellular Communications , dropped 1 to 40 on almost 350,000 shares . 
Many clothiers , especially Ralph Lauren , have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles . 
He was turning himself in . 
The trend is making advocates of the tax cut less optimistic about success . 
Mr. Dorfman covers investing issues from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Advocates hope that such standards will improve treatment while limiting unnecessary tests and medical procedures . 
The three business areas engaged in rolling bearing operations continued to show favorable sales development . 
The Treasury Department said S&Ls reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites . 
The Socialists held 184 seats going into the balloting . 
Reagan Era Young Hold Liberal Views 
Some in Hollywood suggest Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters took encouragement from Warner studio executives such as Mr. Semel and Mr. Canton too literally . 
Mr. Utsumi said the most the ministry had ever done was ask Japanese banks about `` the status of their participation '' in one previous U.S. leveraged buy-out . 
But we ca n't produce enough anymore . '' 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
One poll , conducted for the British Broadcasting Corp. , found that 52 % of voters believed that she should quit . 
At one point , an options industry official had to talk the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 's night watchman into giving him the home phone number of Silas Keene , Chicago Fed president . 
That makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers , according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings . 
Kurt Sanger , ABC Sports 's marketing director , says that now `` tens of thousands '' of fans call its 900 number each week to vote for the best punt return , quarterback sack , etc . 
Details of the restructuring wo n't be made final until regulators approve the regulations mandated by the new federal act , the company said . 
Hundreds of people lined up every day at the Colgate-Palmolive Co. stand to receive a free tube of toothpaste , a commodity in chronically short supply here . 
For the nine months , it had a loss of $ 58.3 million , or $ 2.44 a share , after earnings of $ 29.5 million , or $ 1.20 a share , in the 1988 period . 
Contrasts predictably accumulate : First the music is loud , then it becomes soft , then ( you realize ) it becomes louder again . 
`` If they think they are going to stop index arbitrage by causing a few Wall Street firms to quit , they are crazy , '' Mr. Greenberg said . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
Would he suggest that employees of an American company doing business in Japan conform to their new bosses ' culture and philosophy ? 
I thought and , I 'm sure , others did : `` You should n't have bothered . '' 
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10-year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re-elected . 
In one personal-injury case , a woman claimed she had been injured when she slipped in a pool , but the fall did n't explain why one of her arms was discolored bluish . 
ACQUISITION : 
Under Mr. Gorbachev , Mr. Goode said , the Soviets are openly stealing Western corporate communications . 
In the U.S. , PCs commonly perform many tasks and plug into a broad network . 
Allied-Lyons , while powerful in whiskey , does n't own any major white-spirit brands . 
Trading had been impeded by a major computer failure that took place before the start of Monday 's session . 
Copper prices fell sharply Friday afternoon . 
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies . 
The funeral home and cemetery operator changed from a fiscal year to a calendar year in December . 
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues . 
For example , paralyzed car-crash victims occasionally have some intact spinal tissues that , if preserved by emergency surgery , enable partial recovery . 
Hotel Investors Trust and its affiliate , Hotel Investors Corp. , said the companies plan to sell all of the hotels the companies own and operate , except for two hotel-casinos in Las Vegas , Nev . 
`` But the customer does n't want that . '' 
`` They said they wanted to show me how serious they were , '' he says . 
On that earlier day , the stock 's trading was halted at a critical time so the specialists could catch their breath . 
Of Bechtel 's 17,500 employees , about 4,000 work in San Francisco -- one-third of them commuting from stricken East Bay . 
The reason , ad executives say , is that the entire magazine business has been soft -- and National Geographic has some quirks that make it especially unattractive during a soft market . 
Mr. Brody left the company to find other backers . 
But the current Soviet purchasing spree may be a one-time affair . 
And , earlier this month , he announced the sale of the reserves of Texas Oil & Gas , which was acquired three years ago and has n't posted any significant operating profits since . 
Anheuser-Busch plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a price war as the beer industry 's growth slows . 
If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant . '' 
Democrats asserted that the proposal , which also would create a new type of individual retirement account , was fraught with budget gimmickry that would lose billions of dollars in the long run . 
Yasumichi Morishita , whose art gallery last month became a major shareholder in Christies International PLC , the London auction house , is one man who does n't fit the mold . 
Sales rose 7.4 % to $ 580 million from $ 540 million . 
Gannett has 161 million shares outstanding . 
Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
The action will establish a two-tier exchange rate . 
`` My own personal opinion is that Don threw in the towel just about the time he should have doubled his bet , '' he says . 
Elaborating on the concern about doctors ' sacrificing earnings in order to spend `` talk time '' with patients , we are finding the quality of the time spent is the key to true rapport . 
Cross & Trecker said negotiations are under way for the sale of another company , RobertsCorp . 
`` It 's nothing dramatic , just a routine sell-off . '' 
In general , Mr. Utsumi said , Japanese banks are becoming more `` independent '' in their approach to overseas deals . 
It has reopened the bitter wrangling between the White House and Congress over who is responsible for the failure to oust Mr. Noriega and , more broadly , for difficulties in carrying out covert activities abroad . 
Two feet . 
When ad dollars are tight , the high page cost is a major deterrent for advertisers , who generally want to appear regularly in a publication or not at all . 
City officials stuck by their estimate of $ 2 billion in damage to the quake-shocked city . 
`` We do n't want to bring back something the members will reject . '' 
The problems were uncovered during a series of internal investigations of the company 's Space Systems division , which has been the focus of two separate overcharge prosecutions by the government since 1985 . 
`` Sometimes , '' says his wife , `` we 're happy about that . '' 
The Agriculture Department is expected to announce tomorrow that the number of cattle in the 13 major ranch states slipped 4 % to 8.21 million on Oct. 1 compared with the level a year earlier , said Tom Morgan , president of Sterling Research Corp. , Arlington Heights , Ill . 
The company has expressed a preference for GM over Ford because GM has promised it would keep Jaguar independent . 
Somewhere , the son sighs , things went terribly wrong with apartheid ; today , whites even rely on blacks to police their separation . 
When Chancellor Helmut Kohl travels to Poland Nov. 9 , he is expected to take with him a promise of three billion West German marks ( $ 1.6 billion ) in new credit guarantees for industrial projects . 
In a letter to the BPCA , kelly\/varnell called this `` arbitrary and amateurish . '' 
FAR FEWER elderly nursing home residents bankrupt themselves than was previously believed , two recent studies declare . 
Just say the offices are tastefully appointed , '' he says . 
`` They want reassurance we wo n't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact ... . 
But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property . 
Weirton Steel Corp. said it reached a tentative agreement on a 48-month labor contract with the Independent Steelworkers Union covering production and maintenance employees . 
No individual illustrated this mix of power more yesterday than Sen. Daniel Inouye ( D. , Hawaii ) , who chairs the Senate defense subcommittee . 
The complex is to be located in Batangas , about 70 miles south of Manila . 
Net fell to $ 65 million , or 67 cents a common share , from $ 93.7 million or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago . 
His company , Misa Manufacturing Inc. , was forced to seek protection from creditors under federal bankruptcy law in 1987 and has since been liquidated . 
Eventually we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the exquisite pleasure of scrambling out of the basket into the mud while the French half of our ballooning tag team scrambled in . 
The company increased its loan loss reserve to $ 354 million from $ 342 million at the end of the second quarter . 
For political as well as economic reasons , U.S. companies are at the top of his priorities -- a point he underscored by spending two hours walking around the U.S. trade show last week . 
But several weeks ago , in the wake of the Beijing killings , the loan was canceled , according to bankers and executives close to the project . 
It provides some people a needed sense of affiliation and can help open up a conversation with someone you do n't know . '' 
As for Sassy , which competes directly with News Corp. 's Seventeen magazine , Mr. Lang says that in the next two years he will spend $ 6 million promoting and improving the magazine . 
These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had no encouragement and little access to an education or training for a better life . 
The merged agency will include Della Femina McNamee based in New York , Eurocom 's various agencies in France , the Belier Group in Europe and WCRS 's other advertising and direct marketing operations . 
New Technology 
The FDA is expected to approve today a program granting access free of charge to the drug AZT for children with AIDS . 
The machine is part of an effort by Mips to establish itself as a supplier of computers , not just of integrated-circuit technology . 
`` A disastrous farce in Malaysia , '' screamed the Manchester Guardian . 
Overall , he says , municipal prices are `` very cheap '' and represent an `` excellent buying opportunity . '' 
Another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash . 
The Italian auto maker confirmed that it was discussing technical cooperation with Saab , but declined to comment on rumors that it was planning to buy Saab 's car division . 
Firms that are paying employment taxes also provide leads to competitors that are n't , he says . 
Ford got a similar go-ahead earlier in October , and on Friday , Jaguar announced that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker had raised its stake to 13.2 % , or 24.2 million shares , from 12.4 % earlier in the week . 
The index was under pressure for most of the morning over concerns that the effects of Tuesday night 's major earthquake in the San Francisco area would undermine the U.S. market . 
Michigan 's Senate passed a bill requiring girls to get parental consent for an abortion and Pennsylvania 's House cleared a measure banning abortions after the 24th week of pregnancy . 
Mr. Craven said his move to the chairmanship means he will take a less active role in the day-to-day management of the group , but he added that the merchant bank 's strategic focus remains unchanged . 
Wacoal said it intends to produce the cars through a car manufacturer . 
That may just be the nature of these highly leveraged little creatures . '' 
A dangerous buildup this year of billions of dollars in inter-company debts threatens , if unchecked , to bring the economy to a collapse . 
Nine-month revenue was $ 1.02 billion , up 22 % from $ 841.5 million . 
In the process , 4.9 million shares traded , making UAL the second most active issue on the Big Board . 
Sir Alan assailed the monetary arrangement as `` half-baked '' in an article being published in an American economics journal . 
Recent studies by Georgeson & Co. conclude that corporations with poison pills have experienced greater stock-price appreciation than corporations without poison pills during the past few years . 
`` Nothing traded on Friday , and people were n't really sure where the market should have opened '' yesterday , said Raymond Minella , co-head of merchant banking at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
Then by a separate 4-0 vote , it chose the narrowest possible grounds to strike down a different discount plan , called Tariff 15 , that AT&T offered to Holiday Corp . 
Profit margins at U.S. company-owned stores in the quarter were up nearly 1 % , which the company attributed in part to lower food costs . 
Combined PC and work-station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. . 
The current interest serial bonds are priced to yield from 6.15 % in 1991 to 7.10 % in 2000 . 
The economy 's slowdown is due only partly to the austerity program launched in September 1988 to cool an overheated economy and tame inflation . 
Comair Holdings Inc. said in Cincinnati that it bought Airline Aviation Academy , a pilot training school based at Sanford Regional Airport near Orlando , Fla . 
Scientists are mistaken who still think that the anti-science movement in this country is n't their concern or that a David Baltimore could have somehow placated a John Dingell . 
The Newport Beach operators also tend to indulge themselves privately . 
About 45,000 children in Los Angeles County are under court supervision , Mr. Edelman says , and an average of 1,500 new children are added each month . 
Courtaulds ' shares rose 15 pence to 362 pence , valuing the entire company at about # 1.44 billion . 
But it wo n't be a boom again . 
Mr. Dorsch says the HIAA is working on a proposal to establish a privately funded reinsurance mechanism to help cover small groups that ca n't get insurance without excluding certain employees . 
A Concord spokeswoman called the suit `` unfounded '' but declined to comment further . 
He later resigned from his executive positions with Enfield , saying that actions by its board `` amounted to { my } dismissal . '' 
Maurice Warren , 56-year-old group managing director , was named chief executive officer of this food and agriculture group . 
Comprehensive Care shareholders have approved acquisition of the developer and operator of Care-Unit chemical dependency and psychiatric programs for about $ 58 million in cash , notes and stock of First Hospital , Norfolk , Va . 
Sources close to the company and ad agencies that work with Meredith said leading advertisers in consumer electronics , packaged goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the Meredith group . 
Oh yes , the Atlantic was also pushed back 300 yards . 
But then steady , concentrated buying by Bear , Stearns & Co. , which frequently buys stock for corporate raiders , took hold and steadied the fall in UAL , which eventually buoyed the entire market . 
GE pleaded guilty and paid a fine of more than $ 1 million in the Minuteman case , which involved some of the same individuals and operations that are at the center of the dispute in the Philadelphia court . 
Mr. Peladeau took his first big gamble 25 years ago , when he took advantage of a strike at La Presse , then Montreal 's dominant French-language newspaper , to launch the Journal de Montreal . 
`` People wonder what 's going to happen next . '' 
I do n't think that is the case . '' 
Most rivals `` have a working relationship with NEC , often through cross-licensing of technology , '' the Japan Personal Computer Software Association noted recently . 
Mr. Pearce set up GM 's first in-house litigation group in May with four lawyers , all former assistant U.S. attorneys with extensive trial experience . 
It switched to a caffeine-free formula using its new Coke in 1985 . 
Inco paid Morgan an advisory fee of about $ 250,000 , a paltry figure by today 's measures . 
Even though the announcement was true in the end , it was issued without the senator 's permission . 
Rather , the brunt of the slowdown will be felt in the fast-growing private and semi-private `` township '' enterprises , which have fallen into disfavor as China 's leaders re-emphasize an orthodox Marxist preference for public ownership . 
Mr. Pozen is the general counsel and a managing director of Fidelity Investments in Boston . 
`` Investors , especially dealers , do n't want to hold a position over the weekend , '' a trader at Dai-ichi Securities said , adding , though , that the trading mood remained positive through the afternoon session . 
She spent a month at an Aetna school in Gettysburg , Pa. , learning all about the construction trade , including masonry , plumbing and electrical wiring . 
Republican Sen. William Cohen of Maine , the panel 's vice chairman , said of the disclosure that `` a text torn out of context is a pretext , and it is unfair for those in the White House who are leaking to present the evidence in a selective fashion . '' 
In contrast to previous economic booms , Japanese auto companies are n't just trying to boost production . 
Still , if nothing else , a revoked brokerage license could be a burden because it must be disclosed in many of the transactions in which Drexel could be involved . 
International Business Machines Corp. and MCA Inc. said they agreed to sell their Discovision Associates joint venture to U.S. units of Pioneer Electronic Corp. for $ 200 million . 
In the year-ago quarter , Viacom also paid preferred stock dividends of $ 17 million ; Viacom exchanged its preferred stock for debt in March . 
John B. Curcio , 55 years old , resigned as chairman of this diesel truck manufacturer , effective upon appointment of a successor . 
Consider , for example , what happened to Maxwell House coffee . 
This activity produced small rallies , which in turn attracted new short selling . 
China 's People 's Daily took note of the growing problem of computer fraud . 
Typical of other experiments , Mr. Oriani said his experiment was `` very erratic . '' 
`` The extent of the claims wo n't be known for some time , '' Mr. Leach said . 
The plan Eastern hopes to pursue , he said , calls for Eastern to have $ 390 million in cash by year 's end . 
Dictaphone 's picocassette recorder is one of 13 case studies in the TRIAD Design Project , sponsored by the Design Management Institute of Boston and Harvard Business School . 
It is refreshing to see at least one world figure who knows what she believes in and is not inclined to reflexively compromise those beliefs . 
CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS find a helping hand from some catalog companies . 
Vista Chemical Co. , with three chemical plants in and near Lake Charles , La. , `` prepares for every hurricane that enters the Gulf of Mexico , '' says Keith L. Fogg , a company safety director . 
Ms. Vidunas has been seeing some 15 clients a visit since the program was started at Heinz last year . 
Moves to accelerate the removal of dangerous pesticides gained new impetus during this year 's Alar scare , when the EPA was harshly criticized for failing to yank the possible carcinogen , a growth regulator used to make apples redder and crunchier . 
Also , he said , the partnership is waiting to see whether the appellate division 's ruling will be appealed . 
Politics and economics conspired . 
Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co. named Masahiro Dozen president . 
Needless to say , it was an interesting first session ! 
Under a separate arrangement , British Aerospace PLC 's Rover Group PLC subsidiary will also be able to offer the vehicles through its dealers in the U.K. , and Renault 's truck-building subsidiary Renault Vehicles Industriels will have similar rights in France . 
Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as management-by-objective , detailed project plans and forecasts of company sales and product trends . 
Animated shows , which are made by outside production companies , cost the network about $ 300,000 per episode . 
The investigation , which will be coordinated with one already under way in the U.S. , follows the discovery of what Ferranti has called a `` serious '' fraud involving its U.S. subsidiary . 
Montedison S.p.A. definitively agreed to buy all of the publicly held shares of Erbamont N.V. for $ 37 each . 
Another anti-Turkish hook is the Islamic faith of the majority of the Turkish people : Turkey , we are told , is not a Christian nation ; its people simply wo n't fit in with the Western European Judeo-Christian tradition . 
`` All too often this will merely be a statement on the solicitation such as , ` Do n't smoke ! ' or ` Wear suntan lotion , ' `` says William Webster , attorney general of Missouri . 
That pace is causing some analysts to speculate that the Soviet Union might soon purchase as much as another two million metric tons . 
Ginnie Mae 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 97 29\/32 , down 7\/32 ; 9 1\/2 % securities at 99 31\/32 , down 6\/32 ; and 10 % securities at 101 29\/32 , down 5\/32 . 
The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega . 
The proposals , from suitors including Interpublic Group , come as the London-based ad giant struggles through its most difficult period ever . 
Both moves are effective today . 
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care . 
Italian car manufacturer Fiat said it is n't interested in partnership or industrial cooperation with Swedish auto and aerospace group Saab-Scania AB , which faces heavy losses in its car division . 
First Capital Holdings Corp. , proposed offering of $ 275 million of floating rate senior notes , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Securities-trading operations were moved to Bank of America 's Concord office , and foreign-exchange trading operations were shifted to Los Angeles , the bank said . 
He said he `` did n't argue with '' the company 's decision to seek his resignation because contemplating outside business ventures can distract an executive from performing his best `` at the job he is paid to do . '' 
It might be feared that even thinking about lower budgets will hurt national security because the door will be opened to opportunistic budget cutting by an irresponsible Congress . 
The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . 
What brought the naval issue to a head is that the Crusaders are literally falling apart , without any immediate plan to replace them . 
But , at least , the law of averages should have swung to the favorable side . 
The elections will be a rigorous test for the 45-year-old prime minister and Congress ( I ) , which in various forms has ruled for 40 of India 's 42 years of independence . 
The Bush administration has said it will try to resurrect its plan when the House Energy and Commerce Committee takes up a comprehensive clean-air bill . 
He is a lawyer with a string of academic degrees . 
But he added : `` Some people use the purchasers ' index as a leading indicator , some use it as a coincident indicator . 
Ultimately , that carefully picked jury deadlocked with a 10-2 vote to acquit , and the prosecution decided not to retry the case . 
They say that the earthquake , by preventing many banks from operating at full capacity , has given the Fed an additional reason to keep liquidity at a high level . 
The approach worked well in the recent antitrust case in which Energy Transportation Systems Inc. sued Santa Fe Pacific Corp. over the transport of semi-liquefied coal -- the kind of case likely to make almost anyone 's eyes glaze over . 
It is more aggressive than most , but it is n't the only company with a new attitude , as it found when it went looking for a partner for the Sharpshooter . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 425,000 bid and $ 475,000 offered . 
Scientists Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
`` It 's a case of the market being too high to buy and too afraid to sell , '' a senior dealer with Kleinwort Benson Securities said . 
It requires that `` discharges of pollutants '' into the `` waters of the United States '' be authorized by permits that reflect the effluent limitations developed under section 301 . 
It was just the culture of the industry that kept it from happening . 
Incrementally higher production of those chemicals which remain in heavy demand also has forced up costs , such as overtime pay . 
It 's one more , too , for the fans who dream of a season that never ends . 
And if that happens , the entire process of transferring technology to the marketplace could be harmed , they say . 
One big factor affecting the fiscal second half will be the new stewardship of Edwin L. Artzt , who becomes chairman and chief executive officer in January . 
Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Margins in the fiscal fourth quarter perked up , rising to 51 % from 49.2 % a year earlier . 
That sort of approach , however , has n't worked since the addition of Tiger . 
The anthers in these plants are difficult to clip off . 
Rather than printing devils , Shearson puts all the blame on the unpredictable stock market . 
Now that 's name-dropping , if you know what I mean . 
Vegetables are abundant and full of flavor in Poland , the pickles and sauerkraut sublime , the state monopolies long broken . 
The change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of deposits , federal regulatory powers or company operations , a spokesman said . 
His favorites are American Barrick Resources Corp. , Echo Bay Mines Ltd. and Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp . 
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario . 
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock-purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding . 
There was n't any evidence of survivors . 
`` The change taking place in the Soviet Union , Poland and Hungary has aroused new hope in both German states that reforms will be undertaken in { East Germany } , and that relations between the two German states , too , will get better , '' said Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher . 
`` The second time , '' he says , `` they left the shovel . '' 
The move by the financial information and services subsidiary of Citicorp is a `` response to changing conditions in the retail securities industry , which has been contracting '' since October 1987 's stock market crash , the executive added . 
Brokers do n't deny that . 
Some have built health spas , business centers and shopping villages so visitors have more to do than ski . 
Even if he is , she adds , he appears to have only limited room for maneuver within the Communist Party 's ruling Politburo . 
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock-index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts . 
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Some people familiar with the situation believe that the collapse of the previous $ 6.79 billion buy-out , if anything , may have strengthened the hands of these two labor groups . 
The short answer , on a fundamental basis , is that airline analysts say the stock is worth somewhere between $ 135 and $ 150 a share . 
That gain probably translated into about 5 % to 7 % in dollar terms , well below recent quarters ' gains of above 20 % , reckons Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3425.22 , up 
( By comparison , German domestic stock volume in Frankfurt only doubled that day . ) 
K mart officials and Mr. Pilevsky would n't comment on the sale . 
Noranda and Trelleborg each came close to winning Falconbridge alone before the successful joint bid . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , American Home Products closed at $ 102.25 a share , down 75 cents . 
Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more frozen and quick-to-prepare foods and a greater selection of bottled water . 
But this time , China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4 . 
With only small help from the government , these start-up concerns are trying to compete with the Goliaths of the Japanese consumer electronics industry , which enjoy considerable backing from the Japanese government . 
Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that 's worst off . 
The last time that traders experienced a trough was during 1985-86 , when Beijing imposed tough measures to curb imports and conserve foreign exchange . 
That brought in considerable fund selling , which continued until the close of trading . 
Specific terms are subject to review and a final agreement with debt holders , the company said . 
And , if still conscious at the evening 's end , you notice something else : The audience , at first entranced and hypnotized by the music , releases its pent-up feelings in collective gratitude . 
`` And where we are is bad . '' 
`` We 're just seeing the beginning of a shift , '' Mr. Smith says . 
`` It 's not beyond credibility the Rubens will someday be worth $ 12 million , but whether it could be sold for that amount tomorrow remains to be seen . '' 
Since the government has a dismal record of collecting bad debts , the costs to the borrower of defaulting are usually low . 
Earlier , American Medical said it had been approached again by two other possible suitors , whom it would n't identify but who had previously submitted bids for the company . 
The Murray Hill , N.J. , company said full-year earnings may be off 33 cents a share because the company removed a catheter from the market . 
Against this background , the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government 's standing . 
Three days later , as of Friday 's close , the Nasdaq Composite was down 6 % , compared with 5.9 % for the industrial average , 5.7 % for the S&P 500 and 5.8 % for the Big Board Composite . 
Mr. Foret is one of a handful of executives Mr. Lorenzo has relied on over the years . 
The final package is expected to be announced within the next week . 
Housing issues were boosted by a report that Daiwa House expects to post 43 % higher earnings for its latest fiscal year , traders said . 
`` This may not make George Bush a one-term president , '' said the Oregon liberal , addressing the Republican side of the House . 
He indicated that Ekco may be interested in acquiring another company with revenue in the range of $ 75 million to $ 100 million , partly because mass merchandisers increasingly want to rely on larger , and fewer , suppliers . 
NBI , a maker of word-processing systems , said it ca n't predict if any of the preferred stock will be converted . 
The rapid advance of the 52-year-old executive surprised many at the company . 
With no floor debate , the Senate on Friday voted 69-26 to convict Mr. Hastings of perjury and conspiring to accept a bribe , five votes more than needed . 
Digital Equipment Corp. , with major facilities in Santa Clara , Cupertino , Palo Alto and Mountain View , said that all of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in Maynard , Mass. , Tuesday night . 
Yoshiaki Mitsuoka , head of the investment information department at Daiwa Investment Trust & Management , said that if New York stocks just fluctuate in or near their current range , the Tokyo market will remain firm with a moderately upward trend for the rest of the year . 
Over the years , the world 's stream of oil has been growing heavier . 
Twelve hundred miles away , rangers at a Napa County , Calif. , state park are among the many who do n't quite share the enthusiasm . 
The unprecedented transfer of accounts underscored the options industry 's desire not to have its credibility tarnished by potentially widespread trading defaults on Monday . 
This was George Bush 's own idea . 
The technology at issue `` is not an underlying technology of HyperCard to my knowledge , '' said Danny Goodman , a San Francisco-area HyperCard program developer . 
At Polaroid , the Personnel Policy Planning Committee may hear only about 20 cases a year ; the rest of the many hundreds of complaints are resolved at earlier stages . 
Moreover , there are questions , particularly among atmospheric scientists who know this subject best , about the ability of anyone to know what in fact is happening to the ozone layer . 
Farmers was quick yesterday to point out the many negative aspects it sees in having Axa as its parent . 
They question whether the IMF has any role in developing countries , given its original mandate to assist industrial countries in balance-of-payments emergencies . 
In 1979 , his career as an industrialist began with the acquisition of the Swiss metals works Selve , based in Thun . 
A Rake 's Progress Means Branching Out 
The executive branch bears the first responsibility for timidity . 
National Intergroup , which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second-quarter of $ 8.6 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 50.3 million . 
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three-month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks . 
The problem is that Mr. Icahn is pushing him to move faster and further in restructuring USX than Mr. Corry had planned . 
That may soon change . 
Actively traded municipal bonds ended 1\/4 to 1\/2 point higher in brisk trading , despite a flood of new supply . 
Import growth from the year-earlier months slowed to 16 % in July and 7.1 % in August , compared with an average growth rate of 26 % in the first half . 
`` What this means is that Europeans will have these machines in their offices before Americans do , '' the spokesman said . 
The S&P 500 rose 4 % , the Dow Jones Equity Market index gained 3.7 % and the New York Stock Exchange composite index added 3.5 % . 
Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation : low growth and high inflation . 
`` She wants things to be exciting . 
Imports rose 11 % to 18.443 trillion lire in September from a year earlier , while exports rose 17 % to 16.436 trillion lire . 
Traders said the futures buying was finely calculated by program traders . 
Corporate planners can plan again . 
The latest month 's figures show that imports of steel from European Community nations fell to 466,000 tons from 481,000 a month earlier , while imports from Japan rose to 323,000 tons from 288,000 in July . 
Even at the Basic Chemicals , Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Export Promotion Council , the government agency that promotes the seed , the psyllium boom is distant thunder . 
Diane Seaman , an NBC-TV vice president , says NBC has been able to charge premium rates for this ad time . 
The acquisitions , officials said in a letter to Mr. Paul , were `` unsafe , unsound and unauthorized . '' 
The company is exploring , with a major financial institution , the development of a plan to boost the value of the company for its holders , Mr. Ruskin said . 
Now there are many cars for every purse and purpose . 
Russell Miller 's `` Bare-Faced Messiah : The True Story of L. Ron Hubbard '' is a biography of the founder of the Church of Scientology . 
Congress would be required to make a hard decision , and Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the Fed and retain its rights of complaint after the fact . 
`` You certainly can say it 's going to be extremely severe . 
For some patients , AZT has restored the ability to ride a bicycle or solve puzzles , giving back a piece of their childhood if only temporarily . 
But for all their intellectual and stylistic differences , they make the perfect `` good cop , bad cop '' team , Hollywood associates say . 
Investors will develop `` thicker skins , '' and their confidence will return , he says . 
Panic frequently results in irrational behavior . 
Du Pont , as it happens , has a potential substitute for CFCs . 
As a regulator charged with restoring investor confidence , Mr. Breeden avoided making market-jarring comments and worked to gather information critical to Wall Street and to other government agencies . 
It is having trouble meeting its debt payments because of heavy borrowing in 1987 for a leveraged buy-out . 
Manhattan U.S. Attorney Otto Obermaier said it was the first time ever that the government had obtained any disgorgement from an organized crime figure indicted under the civil racketeering law . 
At $ 250 a share , the group would have to borrow about $ 6.1 billion from banks . 
Olin Corp. said third-quarter net income rose 26 % on the strength of its chemical business . 
`` It 's going to be a sensational thing , '' says Mr. Krishnamurthy of P&G in Bombay . 
`` We never thought we 'd own a car , '' says Kwang Ok Kyong , who just bought a Daewoo LeMans on a five-year loan . 
The board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder vote , particularly since one-third of UAL stock is held by takeover stock speculators who favor a sale . 
Meanwhile , GM said overseas auto operations are on track to exceed last year 's record full-year net of $ 2.7 billion . 
When President Corazon Aquino , whose command of Filipino is spotty , announced last year that the language would be used in official communications , there was an uproar from many legislators , who continue to conduct debates mostly in English . 
In late 1986 , he made an offer he thought the U.S. could n't refuse . 
One way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders . 
Analysts say rallies in the group historically have lifted the market , while weakness in the sector often sank unlisted share prices broadly . 
The Big Board 's disclosure of program trading activity on these two days was unusual . 
This has n't been Kellogg Co. 's year . 
The Soviet Union should keep these lessons in mind as it seeks to establish the ruble as an international currency . 
Silver 's history of volatility is also discouraging investors , dealers say . 
After all , 40,000 newcomers a year are settling in the Las Vegas Valley . 
Last year , Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice John P. Flaherty called Mr. O'Kicki one of the finest judges `` not only in Pennsylvania but in the United States . '' 
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
( Taiwan already is a big importer of Fujis from other places , he adds . ) 
GM probably had the `` heaviest incentives , '' said Robert S. Miller , Chrysler 's chief financial officer . 
And that , they say , will be good for bonds . 
Because they want a truck that is `` Texas tough , '' the commercial concludes , `` Texans drive Chevy . '' 
As he handed over the reins to successor Charles A. Corry , steel profits were close to a cyclical peak . 
Currently , most traders on commodity exchanges specialize in trading either for customer accounts , which makes them brokers , or for their own accounts as socalled locals . 
He could n't be reached for comment . 
European Community employers fear that the EC Commission 's plans for a `` charter of fundamental social rights '' is a danger to industrial competitiveness . 
Some laggard food issues attracted bargain-hunters , traders said . 
Even if it unites for the elections , its coherence is likely to be temporary . 
East Germany pledged to reduce alcohol consumption by boosting production of soft drinks and fruit juices . 
A federal judge granted a temporary stay of the California Student Aid Commission 's emergency action to stop guaranteeing loans for National Technical Schools , a unit of United Education & Software Inc . 
Revenue rose 17 % to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.33 billion a year earlier . 
Inco said it plans to buy back as many as five million common shares over the next 12 months if nickel market conditions are favorable . 
His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives . 
Ammonium perchlorate is an oxidizer that is mixed with a propellant to make rocket fuel used in the space shuttle and military rockets . 
Concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology and heavier use of it , lawmakers have proposed laws addressing the issue . 
Losses at El Dorado Investment Co. , the venture-capital operation , widened to $ 6.8 million from $ 425,000 a year earlier . 
But freight railroads reported that damage to their facilities was relatively minor , with Santa Fe Pacific Corp. 's rail unit the least affected by the quake . 
It does n't give any particular group the ability to veto change . '' 
The construction equipment maker said third-quarter profit fell to $ 108 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 190 million , or $ 1.87 a share , a year earlier . 
But even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain . 
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market-moving employment report . 
Eastern has publicly stated it is exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and has predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 proceedings early next year , operating more flights than it originally had scheduled . 
The minimum coupon is 13 3\/4 % . 
The 235 general-purpose funds increased $ 2.53 billion to $ 116.56 billion , while 96 broker-dealer funds increased $ 1.3 billion to $ 154.05 billion . 
It also hopes to enter the U.S. market . 
San Antonio , Texas -- $ 575 million of electric and gas system revenue refunding bonds , Series 1989 , 1989A and 1989B , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.15 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2009 . 
Plain-vanilla funds have become so commonplace that fees they can charge have plunged to almost nothing , and in some cases are just that . 
Mr. Lieber , the actor who plays Mr. Hoffman , says he was concerned at first that the script would `` misrepresent an astute political mind , one that I admired , '' but that his concerns were allayed . 
`` We simply do n't agree with that or the findings of their investigation . '' 
It said the maximum cost of the plan would be $ 9.7 million . 
Rubbermaid shares closed yesterday at $ 33.875 , off 12.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
From 1987 to 1988 , the value of Chemical 's option contracts outstanding mushroomed to $ 37 billion from $ 17 billion . 
In this article , I was alleged to have said , `` Any patient with high-risk colon cancer is really getting short shrift if he 's not getting this therapy . '' 
As a result , the Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted in narrow ranges in the final hour of trading , and closed 5.94 higher to 2689.14 . 
An official linked the gain essentially to higher prices for beef and pork . 
Fees 1 . 
But neither the pilots nor the machinists appear interested , and Mr. Davis is barred from making a new bid under terms of an agreement he made with UAL in September unless UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 a share . 
Just when American liberalism had pulled the arms plug on the Contras and their friend Ronald Reagan , along comes Mr. Ortega in Costa Rica this weekend to `` blunder '' into the hands of what are often called conservatives . 
Until the collapse of this bid , Mr. Wolf was regarded as one of the nation 's savviest airline executives after engineering turnarounds of Tiger International Inc. and Republic Airlines . 
National Convenience 's move is likely to be echoed by other chains , though analysts note that Southland Corp. , owner of 7-Eleven stores , and Circle K Corp. are too debt-heavy to roll out such an extensive effort . 
Either way , the ghostbusting business is going like gangbusters . 
That purchase represented an attempt by Whitbread , a venerable British brewer , to become a major player in the global liquor business . 
We do n't want to be party to a second rejection , '' he said , adding that coming up with a revised offer could easily take several weeks . 
Still , the school says there are an ample number and pay is up to $ 7.20 an hour from $ 6.90 last year . 
Those routes , valued by the creditors ' professionals at about $ 400 million , were to be sold to AMR Corp. 's American Airlines . 
Volume was a tumultuous 4.9 million shares , or 22 % of the 21.8 million UAL shares outstanding . 
Company officials said 22 workers were missing and presumed dead . 
`` As long as I am borrowing at 9.9 % and each { bond } yields over that , it enhances the yield , '' he maintains . 
It also holds nearly 40,000 acres of raw land with development potential , but under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in California , Arizona and the Chicago area . 
Much of the money from the sales is earmarked for a multibillion-dollar agrarian-reform program . 
In Armonk , N.Y. , a spokesman said that although IBM did n't view its spending as necessarily a way to support the stock , it thought the purchases were a good way to improve such financial measurements as per-share earnings and return on equity . 
The unit stabilized about midday New York time at around 1.85 marks and 141 yen , prompting unconfirmed rumors that the U.S. Federal Reserve had intervened to blunt the unit 's tumble . 
The University of California at San Francisco is also circulating a memo among its scientific faculty that will restrict contact with the world of business . 
Commodore International Ltd. said it will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 because sales of personal computers for the home market remained weak in some major countries . 
( Put options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to sell a financial instrument at a specified price , while call options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to buy a financial instrument at a specified price ) . 
Currently , a registered investment adviser can expect an SEC audit only once every 12 years . 
Britain 's Serious Fraud Office said it will investigate the circumstances surrounding alleged phantom contracts at Ferranti International Signal PLC 's International Signal & Control unit . 
GTE said net income rose 18 % , aided by higher long-distance calling volumes and an increase in telephone lines in service . 
The ratio of consumer installment credit to disposable income , though up a bit , has n't climbed steeply , and such debt as a percent of household assets is little changed . 
But of course the market could decide that the firm 's capital stock -- its assets -- means nothing if the firm is not producing profits . 
Liza said hello to me . '' 
Futures prices extended Tuesday 's gains . 
Five million shares will be offered in the U.S. , and 3.4 million additional shares will be offered in concurrent international offerings outside the U.S. . 
`` These guys prey on human frailties . '' 
If there 's somethin' strange in your neighborhood ... 
As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by Honolulu real-estate investor Jay Shidler and A. Boyd Simpson , an Atlanta developer and former L.J. Hooker senior executive . 
Malcolm faces bankruptcy and an IRS audit , but Nora finds an extra $ 30,000 in her bank account , suddenly increasing her available funds some fifteenfold . 
Mr. Phelan has n't been making public remarks in recent days , and many people have urged him to take more of a leadership role on the program trading issue . 
`` Even though we 'll still compete against Mitsubishi , we can also work jointly on some projects , and we 'll gain a lot of sourcing flexibility , '' Mr. Stern contends . 
The only fly in the Soviet ointment was the last-minute addition of a unilateral American caveat , that U.S. aid to the resistance would continue as long as Soviet aid to Kabul did . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , AT&T shares closed at $ 43.375 , up 87.5 cents . 
Mr. Bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of top government aides and business and labor leaders . 
Cutting against the downward trend was Continental , which jumped 4 marks to 346 marks ( $ 187 ) in heavy trading on rumors that the tire maker is about to be taken over . 
Tokyu , however , said no agreement had been reached . 
Only twice since the 1960s has annual gross domestic product growth here fallen below 5 % for two or more consecutive years . 
December silver was off 3.7 cents an ounce at $ 5.2830 . 
In Brussels , Hotel de Ventes Horta auctioned pistols and sabers - along with paintings and jewels . 
For fiscal 1990 , analysts expect P&G 's sales to continue to grow , with earnings climbing between 15 % and 20 % . 
Analysts said the announcement , the latest in a series of divestitures and restructuring moves , is aimed at improving Southam 's earnings before the expiration in June of a standstill pact with Torstar Corp . 
`` All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology , and get out of mature basic industries , '' Mr. Andersson recalls . 
In years past , the ad industry 's most distinguished executives did n't hesitate to excorciate Mr. Achenbaum . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Instead , his Merrill broker put him in a zero-coupon CD , which is sold at a deep discount to its face value . 
Prices are moving up and down so fast because investors are employing ways to turn over shares at ever-faster rates and increasingly acting in concert . 
The new `` baskets '' of stocks will allow big investors to buy or sell all 500 S&P index stocks in a single trade . 
`` Frankly , it was like he worked for the Lincoln public-relations department , '' Mr. Stelzer testified . 
Six-year-old Pace , based in Aurora , Colo. , operates 41 warehouse-club stores . 
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO . 
They promised yet more for really good stuff . 
Those current holders would also receive minority interests in the new company . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
The New York Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 500,000 , unchanged from the sale Thursday . 
The group , which has held half a dozen seminars so far , also is considering promotional videos and perhaps a pitch to Wall Street investment bankers . 
`` I do n't know what it means over the long run , but for the short term , it appears that gold producers are grateful for the $ 10 or so that gold has risen over the past week or so , '' he said . 
The first thought some investors had was that a red-faced Shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary , and that 's why it purged its pages . 
Small-business patrols would be an especially helpful gesture whenever a small-business person is scheduled to testify against a robbery suspect . 
`` What seem to be interpreted as great conflicts are relatively minor issues of tactics , '' he said . 
Bruce Hoyt , a banking analyst with Boettcher & Co. , a Denver brokerage firm , said Valley National `` is n't out of the woods yet . '' 
Times Mirror Co. said third-quarter net income fell 13 % to $ 70.1 million , or 54 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 81 million , or 62 cents a share , a year earlier . 
JUST FIVE ACRES MORE are all we need to feel really at home , they say . 
Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle . 
Whoever constitute the local Left Bank come out in force , dressed in black , along with a smattering of yuppies who want to be on the cutting edge . 
Men were a constant complication . 
The company said that residential traffic grew faster than business traffic and attributed that to its new PrimeTime calling plan that competes with American Telephone & Telegraph 's Reach Out America plan . 
The only consensus is that more money and people may leave Hong Kong than had been thought likely . 
Minpeco now says it is willing to settle for up to $ 65.7 million from each brother , although the actual amount would probably be much less . 
Sony added that a hearing has been set for Thursday in the Delaware Chancery Court in one of the suits . 
Municipal , mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose 1\/8 to 1\/2 point . 
The gross national product report , due to be released before today 's opening , is expected to show that the economy continued to expand in the third quarter at a moderate pace . 
Besides adding to sales , leathers also attract retailers who may buy furs later , he adds . 
Mr. Langton is among the legions of bikers who got their first taste of wilderness as hikers or backpackers . 
BORLAND INTERNATIONAL , Scotts Valley , personal computer and software designer , annual sales of $ 72 million , had heavy damage to its headquarters and was conducting business from its parking lot . 
While not specifically mentioned in the FBI charges , dual trading became a focus of attempts to tighten industry regulations . 
This film attempts to show a side rarely seen in our media . 
`` But we do n't believe there is enough of a difference to be clinically significant , '' Dr. Sobel said . 
And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % , or 3.95 , to 448.80 . 
Buried in the glossy hardbound catalog for the sale , however , appears the statement , `` Sotheby 's has an interest in the property in this catalog . '' 
I feel any patient with high-risk cancer is getting short shrift if he is not offered this opportunity . '' 
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . '' 
Financiere de Paribas at 1,850 French francs ( $ 297 ) a share . 
He concedes H&R Block is `` well-entrenched '' and `` a great company , '' but says `` it does n't grow fast enough for us . 
The channel reaches 6.5 million homes , a Penney spokesman said . 
Ogden gained 1 1\/4 to 32 7\/8 . 
Though Dentsu says it has no concrete acquisition plans or deadlines , it is laying the groundwork for international growth . 
Searle , a unit of Monsanto Co. , said the `` beta-blocker '' high-blood-pressure drug Kerlone is the first product to reach the market through Lorex Pharmaceuticals , the U.S. company jointly owned by Searle and Synthelabo , a French pharmaceutical concern owned by France 's L'Oreal S.A . 
Mr. Pimlott and Mr. McCarthy join Barclay 's from Kleinwort Benson Ltd. where they served as directors . 
Separately , the commission intervened in a Connecticut state judge 's age-bias suit in federal court in New Haven . 
This is slightly adapted from remarks Oct. 7 by former Secretary of State George P. Shultz to an alumni gathering at the Stanford Business School , where he has returned to the faculty : 
The travel , investment services , insurance and banking concern added $ 110 million to reserves for credit losses at its American Express Bank unit , boosting the reserve to $ 507 million as of Sept. 30 . 
Michael T. Carr , advertising director of Playboy magazine , was named publisher of National Lampoon and Heavy Metal magazines , succeeding George Agoglia . 
Factory workers on strike knocked Poland 's Communist bosses off balance last year ; this year , it was the farmers who brought them down . 
Westridge Capital has used enhanced indexing techniques to beat the S&P 500 's returns by 2.5 to 3 percentage points over the past four years , with the same risk level as holding the S&P 500 stocks , according to James Carder , the firm 's president . 
They wanted reform and they got a revolution , '' says overhaul advocate Rep. Willis Gradison ( R. , Ohio ) . 
He says the department now has 75 openings and wants to hire 625 civil engineers over the next 15 months . 
`` Bargain hunters believe that silver offers the best value amongst precious metals , '' says Frederick R. Demler , analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
No one in his right mind actually believes that we all have an equal academic potential . 
Now we are starting to see real freight-rate increases as carriers replace equipment , pay higher fuel costs and pay more for labor . 
General Motors Corp. said it will temporarily idle its Arlington , Texas , assembly plant for one week beginning Monday because of slow sales . 
Not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be , but the structure is fine . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Scot MacInnis , a masseur in Boulder , Colo. , had a scary experience while massaging a man in a natural-foods supermarket as part of a store promotion . 
An Eastern spokesman said `` the $ 40 million will have no effect whatsoever on the asset structure of Eastern 's plan . 
Warren Buffett has been on record as opposing stock-index futures since their inception in 1982 . 
The filing was partly the result of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall in LTV 's three pension plans operated for its LTV Steel Co. subsidiary 's employees . 
Not that the language war is won , even on `` Batibot . '' 
The office also said Mrs. Marcos and her husband were n't brought to the U.S. against their will after Mr. Marcos was ousted as president . 
Eaton said sales of truck axles , transmissions and other parts fell 7.2 % to $ 295 million . 
In 1956 , when Britain , France and Israel invaded Egypt to seize the Suez Canal , Arab producers cut off supplies to Europe . 
He argues that the dollar is now `` moving sideways , '' adding that `` the next leg could be the beginning of a longer term bearish phase . '' 
`` The fundamentals do n't change in an hour , '' he says . 
When asked for a copy of the transcript , Mr. Lang said Judge Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release it or the memorandum . 
Qintex Australia said it had n't seen the suit and could n't comment . 
He says he has never even dined with gangsters . 
In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday assessing damage , cleaning up and trying to find friends and neighbors . 
Banco Exterior was created in 1929 to provide subsidized credits for Spanish exports . 
Virginia M.W. Gardiner 
Last week , a Soviet delegation came to Japan to push more space technologies . 
In April 1987 , evidence surfaced that commissions were paid . 
The truck sales slowdown reflects the general slowing in sales of consumer goods , he said , and the latest reports show a slight improvement rather than any indication of a downward spiral . 
Nissan 's risk is that its low-base-price strategy might get lost amid the highly publicized rebates being offered by Detroit 's Big Three . 
Unemployment , for example , has continued to decline , and the September trade figures showed increases in both imports and exports . 
Indeed , the Soviet miners strike this summer clearly demonstrated that Mr. Gorbachev must proceed with economic reform . 
But the shaky economic outlook and the volatile stock market forced the dollar lower against major currencies . 
No less significant than the Japanese banks ' attempt to cut off funds to pressure a foreign government are the implications of a confrontation between Japan securities and banking industries . 
According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication bought $ 3.85 billion in assets -- including Macmillan Inc. and Official Airlines Guides -- and sold $ 2 billion in non-strategic businesses . 
For most field workers , it 's about time . 
On the allegation of kidnapping , Judge Keenan wrote , `` The suggestion that Mrs. Marcos was brought to this country against her will is unsupported by affidavit or affirmation . '' 
Last year a gunner shot a whooper by mistake thinking that it was a snow goose . 
If the program is meant to provide a subsidy , collecting the debt defeats the original goal . 
The board said it concluded that `` the welfare of the company , its shareholders , its employees and the broader public ... can best be enhanced by continued development of UAL as a strong , viable , independent company . '' 
The Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 1.16 to 320.94 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index slid 0.53 to 189.52 . 
But his case is notable both for the scale of the fight -- it is n't often that a congressional hearing is held to determine whether one small businessman is a threat to the republic -- and for what it tells about the pitfalls of marketing a new product . 
Market uncertainty also clouds the outlook for B.A.T 's attracting a premium price for its U.S. retailing properties . 
RU-486 `` probably represents a technical advance in an area where none is needed , or at least not very much , '' said Phillip Stubblefield , president of the National Abortion Federation , at a reproductive health conference in 1986 . 
`` It 's more of an important issue to keep control of those assets , rather than push the investor to move into ( specific ) products such as equities , '' Mr. Grano says . 
In the early stage of checking people with incomes exceeding $ 500,000 who were filing nonresident returns , it squeezed $ 7.5 million out of a man who was posing as a Florida resident . 
Dealers said junk bond issues on average were up by 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with so-called quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership posting one-point gains . 
Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $ 500 million , or about 13 % of their junk fund assets , in the past two months . 
The Sandinistas of Nicaragua , for example , also are part of the Castro-Medellin cartel nexus . 
Fujitsu itself , which said the bid had n't been approved by its headquarters , was clearly embarrassed . 
In other words : Get rid of all the pictures . 
He also noted that the Japanese , who had been buying at prices just above the $ 1.25 level , apparently pulled back from the market on Friday . 
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting . 
Row 21 of Section 9 of the Upper Reserved at Candlestick Park is a lofty perch , only a few steps from the very top of the stands . 
This is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way . 
Neither suit lists specific dollar claims , largely because damage assessment has n't yet been completed . 
The industrial average closed down only 3.69 points at 2659.22 . 
Bay said a `` substantial part '' of its debt outstanding is in default as a result of inability to sell certain properties quickly and lower-than-expected prices for sales made . 
Alfred Harrison , the manager , shoves Mr. Straszheim 's handout back at him : `` Do we want to go through this ? 
The first of three major sources of error is the use of labor input estimates ( mainly employment or hours ) instead of output estimates for those sectors , such as governments , paid household services and private non-profit institutions , where there are difficulties in assembling output data . 
The shipments went mostly to food-service distributors that supply pizzerias and restaurants . 
Brokers handle such transactions through the Options Clearing Corp. , which guarantees all option trades . 
Macmillan has owned Berlitz since 1966 . 
It takes five steps to make standard pencils , just one for the plastic type . 
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . '' 
Mercury also said it extended its two-year advisory relationship with Montgomery Securities of San Francisco . 
On Monday , when a mere seven common stocks managed new highs , six were utilities or golds . 
On June 30 , loss reserves stood at $ 108.3 million . 
We can not , however , join the political chorus that as one proclaims how offputting it is that Mrs. Thatcher refuses to get along by going along . 
Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures and options on indexes and individual stocks . 
And Friday the 13th notwithstanding , stocks have been this year 's hot investment . 
The probe involves testing procedures used on certain government contracts by the company 's Metatrace unit . 
Indeed , in a note to the results , directors said if the `` true worth '' of some of the group 's assets were taken into account instead of using book values , the negative net asset backing a share would turn into `` a substantial positive '' one . 
The same Bobby Thomson , it turns out , who sells those paper-goods today . 
In deferring action on the merger , the Fed said , `` The Board does not believe that there is sufficient information in the record at this time to allow { it } to reach a final conclusion on First Union 's record of helping to meet the credit needs of the communities it serves in Florida and North Carolina , including low to moderate-income neighborhoods in those communities . '' 
Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % subordinated notes due Nov. 1 , 2001 , priced at 99.821 to yield 9.275 % . 
An investment company said it offered to acquire Arby 's Inc. , the fast-food operator , for $ 205 million . 
He also received 20-year sentences for each of the 24 passengers injured . 
In late New York trading the U.S. currency was quoted at 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen , compared with 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen Tuesday . 
As you can guess , the Blandings want to deduct home-mortgage interest on the $ 200,000 loan . 
Wendy Gramm , the agency 's chairman , told the Senate Agriculture Committee that she expects the study to be released within two weeks and the rule changes to be completed by Thanksgiving . 
Although Petrie Stores has considered seeking to acquire the remaining equity of Deb Stores , it has no current intention to pursue such a possibility , the filing said . 
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere . 
Lawyers and their clients who frequently bring business to a country courthouse can expect to appear before the same judge year after year . 
Once the consolidation is complete , Bethlehem plans to concentrate its forgings business on nuclear fabrication , hardened steel and large-diameter steel rolls for rolling mills and selected custom-die applications . 
The graph on the right ( which assumes a 4 % rate of inflation ) , places these scenarios in the context of recent appropriations ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 30 , 1989 ) . 
We do n't expect much good from nuclear-arms control , but conventional-arms talks might demilitarize Eastern Europe . 
Hoechst AG 's Chairman Wolfgang Hilger said the company wants to have a substitute product to completely replace ozone-damaging chlorofluorocarbons by 1995 . 
But while traffic was heavy early in the commute over the Golden Gate , by 8 a.m. it already had thinned out . 
Energy 
( Why in these movies is the unwed pregnant woman always from Ohio ? 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , an Atlanta computer-software concern , says it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change . 
Suburban deals are not without their delays and complications -- inner-city deals just have more of them . 
Quotron is n't profitable on Citicorp 's books because of the interest charges the New York bank holding company incurred in buying the financial-data concern for $ 680 million , says Ronald I. Mandle , analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Co . 
Earnings before interest and tax from brewing dived 50 % to A$ 123.8 million from A$ 247.3 million . 
The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 
When consumers have so many choices , brand loyalty is much harder to maintain . 
It was widely predicted that free agency would allow the glamorous , `` big market '' teams to monopolize the best talent , but quite the opposite has occurred : Twelve different clubs have won titles in the 14 seasons since its advent . 
`` This week was uneventful for the CD market , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
Some banks actually boosted yields on the shortest term CDs in the latest week . 
The 79-year-old Mississippian takes a more orthodox , entrenched view of agriculture policy than those in the movement to reduce chemical use , but as a master of pork-barrel politics , he is believed to be annoyed as well that the project moved to Arkansas from a Tennessee center near Memphis and the northern Mississippi border . 
Also named in the suit is Media Home Entertainment Inc. of Culver City , Calif. , its parent , Heron Communications Inc. , and Broadstar Television of Los Angeles , holders of the copyright on the movie . 
Further staff cuts are likely , the spokesman indicated . 
Magazine publishers are facing spiraling costs and a glut of new titles . 
But Smith Barney 's Mr. Doyle , who yesterday trimmed his 1990 Anheuser earnings projection to $ 2.95 a share from $ 3.10 , called the market 's reaction `` justified . '' 
A small but growing number of companies are also trying to instill more fervent brand loyalty through such personalized direct-marketing ploys as catalogs , magazines and membership clubs for brand users . 
Lilly shares closed yesterday in composite trading on the Big Board at $ 62.25 , down 12.5 cents . 
Repeal is considered likely now , but the Treasury Department bill has been used as a vehicle to raise the profile of the issue and block any action in the interim . 
Compare the past eight five-year plans with actual appropriations . 
The executive order and the reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral . 
The vaccine is effective in preventing a disease that still afflicts about 60 million children a year world-wide , causing an estimated one million deaths . 
They add that the Fed has allowed the key federal funds interest rate to dip to about 8 5\/8 % from its levels of just below 9 % last week . 
G. Christian Hill and Ken Wells contributed to this article . 
Eagle Clothes Inc. , which is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , said it reached an agreement with its creditors . 
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people . 
Mr. Abalkin , head of the Academy of Science 's Institute of Economics , was recently appointed deputy chairman of the Soviet government and head of a state commission on economic reform . 
RAYCHEM CORP. , Menlo Park , plastics manufacturer , annual sales $ 1 billion , no major damage and no production slowdown is anticipated . 
Hiroshima last week held an auction to pick the contractor , expecting to pay about 11 million yen for the project . 
Tanks currently are defined as armored vehicles weighing 25 tons or more that carry large guns . 
In the case of Peter and Jon , the ink has been very , very black . '' 
Also , profit was hurt by the strength of the dollar overseas which negatively affected the company 's currency-exchange rate . 
In 1980 , 18 % of federal prosecutions concluded at trial ; in 1987 , only 9 % did . 
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school . 
The company did n't disclose a purchase price or capitalization figures . 
He shut down the company 's tony New York headquarters . 
In other words , it was offsetting purchases of marks and yen by buying dollars in the domestic money market . 
`` Ski school is great , '' cries out a tot , bundled in a snowsuit as he plows down a bunny slope . 
April 26 , 1988 : 
Surveying all this , some people now think the best planner might be no planner at all . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
But reform has n't taken hold yet . 
Despite continuing troubles with problem properties and nonperforming loans , the Dallas trust said it has rebuilt reserves , abandoned properties with little potential and experienced improved operating results from joint ventures . 
And most of these are absolutely unnecessary . 
They also approved the relocation of the company 's registered office to Toronto from Vancouver and a name change to NHI Nelson Holdings International Ltd . 
Warned he was to be jailed again , he fled to the countryside . 
Only it is safer , and busier . 
`` It 's not a pretty picture , '' said David Smith , an analyst with Raymond James & Associates . 
While sterling bounced back from session lows in a bout of short-covering yesterday , foreign exchange dealers said that any hopes that the pound would soon post significant gains have evaporated . 
The move also would allow the company to concentrate on core businesses , which include ceramic tile , floor coverings and furniture . 
Trish Heimers , a spokesperson for RIAA says her organization has n't received a copy of the completed report yet and has no immediate comment . 
However , Mr. Krenz also has a reputation for being politically savvy . 
The Jamaica Tourist Board , in the wake of Young & Rubicam 's indictment on charges that it bribed Jamaican officials to win the account in 1981 , released a scathing memo blaming the agency for the embarrassing incident . 
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single-A-3 from single-A-2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago . 
Mrs. Thatcher : `` If it 's one against 48 , I 'm very sorry for the 48 . '' 
An estimated $ 1.57 billion is separately allocated for the National Science Foundation , and within the Housing and Urban Development Department , more than $ 9.2 billion is provided for federally assisted housing , including an expanded effort to modernize public housing units that serve the poorest families . 
Presidio Oil Co. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. 's U.S. unit for $ 163 million . 
But Mr. Tisch expects losses in all four years of the contract , he told U.S. senators last June . 
For example , Mr. Arbel says , stocks of small companies are selling for about 19 times cash flow . 
Diversified , the holding company for Fidelity Federal Savings & Loan Association , said the agreement also gives Star States the option to acquire 588,300 of Diversified 's 1,774,326 shares outstanding `` under certain circumstances . '' 
In the 1989 period also , interest expense and tax rates were lower than a year ago . 
The maker of telecommunications and defense equipment said Carol Cable 's portfolio and market focus would complement the company 's current wire and cable businesses . 
Asked about the consultants ' reports , an Eastern spokeswoman said `` we totally disagree . '' 
X-rays have problems , too . 
Drexel says it does n't expect any of its state brokerage licenses will be revoked , and even if some are , its securities business would n't be directly hurt . 
Fans of Anthony Andrews ( `` Brideshead Revisited '' ) will relish watching him play the title role ( s ) in the 19th-century Robert Louis Stevenson pre-Freudian drama of schizoid horror . 
Still the Salinger decision created a strong presumption against fair use of unpublished materials . 
`` If you think earnings will grow at 20 % a year , it 's all right to pay 20 times earnings , '' he says . 
But advancing issues on the Big Board were ahead of decliners 784 to 700 . 
Another argument of the environmentalists is that if substitutes are available , why not use them ? 
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12-inches above the water level . 
It may seem trivial to worry about the World Series amid the destruction to the Bay Area wrought by Tuesday 's quake , but the name of this column is `` On Sports , '' so I feel obliged to do so . 
Digital Equipment tacked on 1 1\/8 to 89 1\/8 , and Hewlett-Packard fell 3\/8 to 49 3\/8 . 
But it all evens out , It 's so easy to see : Not till the last moment Am I paid what 's due me . 
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table . 
Now only three of the 12 judges -- Pauline Newman , Chief Judge Howard T. Markey , 68 , and Giles Rich , 85 -- have patent-law backgrounds . 
Another focuses on Charles Brush , the first person to light a city electrically . 
Colgate 's results were at the high end of the range of analysts ' forecasts . 
In addition , its machines are typically easier to operate , so customers require less assistance from software . 
`` I think it is a good theme for what looks to be an uncertain market , '' says Steven Einhorn , partner at Goldman Sachs . 
One airline official said about three times as many free-travel coupons are being turned in as in previous years -- not surprisingly , as the airlines last year allowed many travelers to build up mileage at triple the normal rate . 
Leading construction companies also attracted interest for their strong earnings outlooks , traders said . 
GM , meanwhile , is hosting a delegation of members of the British Parliament who are touring the auto maker 's headquarter operations in Detroit . 
TransAtlantic , whose Transol Investments Ltd. unit owns the largest minority stake in Sun Life , has agreed not to make a takeover bid for the British life insurer without the prior consent of the French company , known as UAP . 
Under the rights plan , holders will have one right for each common share held , with each right entitling the purchase of one common share for 100 Canadian dollars . 
The new company 's product lines will be aimed at nurseries , greenhouses and the lawn and garden industry . 
( CenTrust shares have fallen sharply in price from a high of $ 15.125 in 1986 to close yesterday at $ 2.875 . ) 
Colgate , which acquired Helena Rubenstein in 1973 , sold the brand seven years later after the brand languished . 
BNL also said that its board had approved `` after an in-depth discussion , '' a letter to the Bank of Italy outlining measures the state-owned bank has taken or plans to take to improve controls on its foreign branches . 
The maker of chemical and industrial materials did n't say how much it would pay or when it would make the transactions . 
It may even be possible to replace defective genes with healthy versions , though no one has come close to doing that so far . 
Two Minneapolis shareholder suits in the past month have accused top officers of making `` various untrue statements . '' 
Books and software everywhere . 
Some scientists have suggested that comets and asteroids may have brought enough of this kind of material from the outer solar system to Earth to spawn life . 
For personal-injury cases , Litigation Sciences seeks defense jurors who believe that most people , including victims , get what they deserve . 
Analytic Sciences Corp. was awarded a $ 10.1 million Air Force contract for technical support . 
The announcements are scheduled to be made in Temple , Texas , and include a so-called `` notebook '' PC that weighs less than seven pounds , has a built-in hard disk drive and is powered by Intel Corp. 's 286 microprocessor . 
Cardinal Scientific Inc. of Waldorf , Md. , seeks a Small Business Innovation Research grant to produce a `` nozzle assembly for an Army mass delousing outfit . 
A Japanese apple called the Fuji is cropping up in orchards the way Hondas did on U.S. roads . 
Industry sources said they expect a fierce battle to emerge between TransCanada , which has a monopoly on Canadian gas transportation east of Alberta , and Nova and Westcoast , which control the pipelines within and running west of Alberta , respectively . 
Lotus said net rose to $ 23 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 153.9 million . 
Integrated Resources Inc. , the troubled financial-services company that has been trying to sell its core companies to restructure debt , said talks with a potential buyer ended . 
Speaking to reporters this week after Bank Bumiputra 's shareholders approved a rescue plan , Tan Sri Basir said heavy lending to the property sector rocked the bank when property prices in Malaysia plummeted in 1984-85 . 
`` Trelleborg is n't in the same league yet as mining giants such as RTZ Corp. or Anglo-American Corp. , '' says Mike Kurtanjek , a mining analyst at James Capel & Co. , London . 
The Democratic House attendance rate has not exceeded the Republican House attendance rate since 1959 . 
That compared with the year-earlier $ 1.25 billion , or $ 2.10 a share -- which was inflated by a 15-cents-a-share gain from the sale of some MCI Communications Corp. stock and by an unspecified amount from a payment by Fujitsu Ltd. relating to a software dispute . 
For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as the former New Yorker Hotel and its adjacent Manhattan Center ; a fishing\/processing conglomerate with branches in Alaska , Massachusetts , Virginia and Louisiana ; a former Christian Brothers monastery and the Seagram family mansion ( both picturesquely situated on the Hudson River ) ; shares in banks from Washington to Uruguay ; a motion picture production company , and newspapers , such as the Washington Times , the New York City Tribune ( originally the News World ) , and the successful Spanish-language Noticias del Mundo . 
Clinton said in Columbus , Ohio , that its Clinton Gas Marketing unit wants to line up a number of such gas management contracts . 
That followed a 3.3 % decline in August . 
Even if the Japanese find Soviet technology desirable , such discussions would be fraught with political complications . 
Bond resale prices , and thus fund share prices , move in the opposite direction from rates . 
Randy Delchamps retains his position as president . 
They said they dropped plans to infiltrate the Kennedy Space Center after NASA beefed up its security . 
`` It 's amazing the amount of money that goes up their nose , out to the dog track or to the tables in Las Vegas , '' Mr. Katz says . 
He will concentrate on , among others , J.P. Morgan and Hyundai . 
Like all genes , tumor-suppressor genes are inherited in two copies , one from each parent . 
Great Northern Nekoosa reacted coolly to Georgia-Pacific 's takeover bid of $ 58 a share , or $ 3.19 billion , though the suitor said all terms are negotiable . 
It means it is virtually impossible to fire or even transfer incompetent principals . 
Common shareholders would end up owning about 6.4 % of the combined company . 
British Airways rose initially after announcing its withdrawal from the UAL deal . 
Far from being minimalist , the music unabatingly torments us with apparent novelties not so cleverly disguised in the simplicities of 4\/4 time , octave intervals , and ragtime or gospel chord progressions . 
The Pentagon claims that in spite of Moscow 's words , East bloc weapons continue to flow into Nicaragua through Cuba at near-record levels . 
Bill Murphy , director of the new marketing unit , said Meredith is negotiating other large-scale packages with leading companies in several product categories , but he would n't disclose their names . 
The state petroleum monopoly said sales in the period gained 15 % , and $ 262.4 million more than originally projected at an average of $ 10 a barrel on an export platform of 1,250,000 barrels a day . 
Mr. Pinola is president and chief operating officer of Penn Mutual Life Insurance Co . 
He has a built-in , constant longing for lower interest rates . 
The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing . 
Auto insurance rates are soaring . 
`` We would have to go outside to banks to get the money and I am not ready to do that , '' he said . 
The results were at the upper end of market expectations , which ranged from # 185 million to # 188 million . 
There are , of course , obvious dangers to blatant , unsubstantiated name-dropping . 
The journalistic consensus was that the earthquake made the World Series seem unimportant . 
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial-report comparability with profit-making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said . 
Junk-portfolio managers raised their cash position to 9.4 % of assets in September from 8.3 % in August . 
The quake , which also caused damage in San Jose and Berkeley , knocked out electricity and telephones , cracked roadways and disrupted subway service in the Bay Area . 
'' Mr. Sohmer confesses that it was partly in response to such attitudes that he is now `` a dweller on one of the two islands off the coast of America . '' 
This had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use six-figure sums to get income that was figured beyond the third or fourth decimal place . 
In Honduras , where the Contras are a hot political issue , he promised to help unblock some $ 70 million in assistance withheld due to the failure of local agencies to comply with conditions agreed upon with Washington . 
Paris market sources said they believed Allianz was buying yesterday morning , and Navigation Mixte moved up 108 francs ( $ 17.19 ) to close at 1,908 francs in heavy trading . 
William Lynes , a retired engineer from Lockheed Corp. , says he and his wife , Lily , warmed to the investment pitches of a penny-stock peddler from Stuart-James Co. in Atlanta after the broker told them he , too , had once worked with Lockheed . 
So the SEC has proposed to Congress that much of the job of oversight be turned over to an industry-funded , self-regulatory organization patterned on the National Association of Securities Dealers , which operates in the brokerage business . 
Mr. Schwartz is a business executive and writer in New York . 
But it continued to badly trail its San Francisco neighbor , Wells Fargo & Co. , which reported an extraordinary 1.25 % return on assets . 
`` All operations have stopped , '' he said . 
As the hearings begin , the self-important Sen. Bowman ( Jerome Kilty ) announces : `` Let me emphaticize one thing at the outset : We are not looking for hides to skin nor goats to scape . '' 
The designer , whose line of modular , one-size-fits-all clothing has spawned a host of clones , has been in a dispute with her latest licensee , Jerell Inc. for several months . 
Sverdlovsk is a large gray cloud over glasnost and indeed over the legitimacy of the arms-control process itself . 
Though the market was stronger , dealers said fresh buying interest was sidelined ahead of a potential market-affecting debate in the House of Commons set for Tuesday . 
The stock market 's dizzying gyrations during the past few days have made a lot of individual investors wish they could buy some sort of insurance . 
Its mortality rate for males over 35 is about 50 % higher than West Germany 's , and 50 % higher in hazard areas than the national average . 
That idea may have backfired . 
Whittle said its field staff signed up the 500 schools in 238 school districts after only eight weeks and company executives now expect to reach their start-up goal of 1,000 schools before the end of this year . 
Too bad theory fails in practice . 
Before its shares were suspended from trading , Qintex Australia plunged to 16 Australian cents ( 12 U.S. cents ) a share yesterday from 33 Australian cents Friday . 
And other developers may shift from commercial to residential development in the U.S. . 
The Tokyo International Film Festival was no match for the Cannes Film Festival in terms of prestige , but it made its mark : It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to young and first-time film makers . 
But this time it 's hurting opposition as well as ruling-party members . 
A face-to-face meeting with Mr. Gorbachev should damp such criticism , though it will hardly eliminate it . 
Or perhaps Wall Street , when it has suffered enough , will realize that finance is a service industry , and change its ethos . 
The move would greatly boost Paribas 's stake in the insurance , transport and food businesses , where Navigation Mixte is strong . 
By advertising disaster relief , these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero . 
Investment banking revenue fell 32 % to $ 205 million , in part reflecting the continued slowdown of the underwriting business . 
`` They 're maintaining their attitude toward investing , which has leaned toward the conservative recently . '' 
Biking groups in Montana , Idaho , Michigan and Massachusetts have won similar concessions , says Tim Blumenthal , mountain bike editor of Bicycling magazine . 
Hurricane Hugo accounted for about $ 36 million in pretax third-quarter losses , net of reinsurance recoveries . 
The results are almost identical to Shapiro 's September 1988 numbers . 
Mobil , Shell and Chevron had declines . 
Another 250 Libyans were already in Italy to stage a day of mourning for victims of Italy 's colonial rule between 1911 and 1943 , when Tripoli says Rome kidnapped 5,000 Libyans and deported them as forced labor . 
Short-term rates rose yesterday at the government 's weekly Treasury bill auction , compared with the previous bill sale . 
Congress sent to Bush a $ 2.85 billion emergency package to assist in the recovery from last week 's California earthquake and from Hurricane Hugo . 
A third-quarter charge of $ 3.5 million related to planned restaurant closings resulted in a net loss for the quarter . 
Certainly not the lawyers . 
Last week alone , an eye-popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. , a Boston research firm . 
Paul Rheingold , a New York lawyer who represents DES victims , said that before the New York ruling , only the states of Washington and Wisconsin had followed the California decision . 
Metromedia said its unit is the fifth-largest provider of long-distance communications service in the U.S. , with projected 1989 revenue of more than $ 550 million . 
John Fitzsimmons , chief executive officer of Data Systems , said the company was profitable and expected sales of nearly $ 100 million this year . 
Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for shareholders and other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by Drexel . 
But on a 53-45 roll call this provision was stripped from the bill last night after Foreign Relations Chairman Claiborne Pell ( D. , R.I . ) complained that it was an intrusion on exclusive powers vested in his panel for more than three decades . 
Managing partners who responded to the survey typically spend over half their time supervising their firms ' day-to-day operations and just a little more than a third of their time practicing law . 
After another session Mr. Phelan held yesterday with major brokerage firms such as Morgan Stanley & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and First Boston -- all of which have engaged in program trading -- an executive of a top brokerage firm said , `` Clearly , the firms want the exchange to take leadership . '' 
After various adjustments , they produced a 0.5 % rise in the index for August and a 0.2 % rise for September . 
The North Texas Chevy Dealers recently had a record sales month after the debut of ad campaign that thumbs its nose at elite Easterners . 
On a day some United Airlines employees wanted Mr. Wolf fired and takeover stock speculators wanted his scalp , Messrs. Wolf and Pope saw their prospective personal fortunes continue to plummet as shares of UAL , United 's parent company , dived $ 24.875 on the Big Board to close at $ 198 . 
Formed in August , the venture weds AT&T 's newly expanded 900 service with 200 voice-activated computers in American Express 's Omaha , Neb. , service center . 
Indeed , U.S. officials have indicated to the press that the continuation of aid depends on what success the weakened resistance achieves by the end of this year . 
In an interview in the navy 's official weekly magazine Cols Bleus , the navy 's second-in-command , Adm. Yves Goupil , said the navy still intends to buy 86 Rafales as scheduled in the late 1990s and early 21st century . 
Czech reformers can recall the Wilsonian ideals of the same period in their country . 
Industry watchers agree that Brooks Brothers is long overdue in updating its buttoned-down image , which has stunted its growth . 
Before becoming self-employed , or setting up a cooperative , workers must seek permission from the local soviet ( council ) . 
A second provision passed by the Senate and House would eliminate a rule allowing companies that post losses resulting from LBO debt to receive refunds of taxes paid over the previous three years . 
You talk of times of peace for all , and then prepare for war . '' 
The individual foreign policy carried out by U.S. legislators adds to a confusing U.S. performance that has emboldened Soviet initiatives in Central America . 
Broken water lines and gas leaks hindered firefighters ' efforts , but by late yesterday authorities said they had the fire under control . 
The van Doorne family of the Netherlands holds an additional 11 % of DAF 's capital . 
Sutro 's Oakland office executed orders through the Sacramento office , which was n't affected by the quake . 
The chair is a way to package massage . '' 
Revenue rose to $ 235.2 million , from $ 176.4 million . 
`` You 're buying the S&P , and you always want to hold the cheapest form of it , '' he says . 
The S&P 500 contract that expires in December closed up a record 15.65 points on volume of nearly 80,000 contracts . 
Marc Schulman , with UBS Securities in New York , dropped his estimate of DEC 's full-year net to $ 6.80 a share from $ 8 . 
Britain said it would waive its `` golden share '' in the luxury auto maker if shareholders vote to allow a suitor to acquire more than 15 % of the company . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills . 
`` Working with lawyers , '' she says , `` I need it . '' 
In his office overlooking the runway of Shannon Airport , Mr. Ovcharenko enthusiastically throws out what he calls `` just ideas '' : 
In addition , corporations are now shouldering a bigger share of the tax burden , as the authors of the 1986 law hoped . 
Here in this new center for Japanese assembly plants just across the border from San Diego , turnover is dizzying , infrastructure shoddy , bureaucracy intense . 
Baldwin Technology Co. -- 2,600,000 Class A shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
He called the battle `` uphill . '' 
Those are Templeton Global Income , Templeton Emerging Markets and now the Value Fund . 
Although bond prices were n't as volatile on Tuesday trading as stock prices , traders nevertheless said action also was much slower yesterday in the Treasury market . 
To find parallels , other than sexual appeal , with Cleopatra , requires an equal stretch . 
Roe vs. Wade was the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision that recognized a woman 's right to abortion . 
Industrial output fell 0.1 % in September , the latest sign manufacturing is slowing . 
At the other end of the spectrum , West German inflation was forecast at 3 % in 1989 and 2.75 % in 1990 . 
Interprovincial Pipe Line Co. , an oil pipeline operator rumored to be mulling a gas pipeline proposal of its own , said that is n't in the cards . 
Mr. Seidman , a director of Crestmont since July , is general partner of Seidman Financial Associates , which owns 9.89 % of Crestmont . 
Japan and Europe , far more dependent on Mideast oil than the U.S. , would n't offend the Arabs or trade off their precious supplies . 
It is to offer 1,800 francs for shares created on July 1 , which receive partial dividends . 
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L . 
K mart tested the warehouse-club sector last year with its acquisition of a 51 % interest in Makro Inc . 
In addition , an unusually wide array of federal agencies moved to provide specialized assistance . 
After a four-year , $ 7.7 billion acquisition binge that brought a major soft-drink company , soda bottlers , a fast-food chain and an overseas snack-food giant to Pepsi , Mr. Calloway said he does n't expect any major acquisition in the next year or so . 
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary . 
Generally in the quarter , overproduction of gasoline and higher crude oil prices pressured profitability . 
Revenue doubled from two years ago . 
`` The owners of the company got a look at the potential risks in this business , and after Monday they felt they did n't want to be exposed any more , '' he said . 
Should they be required to pay claims based on exorbitant costs for labor and materials ? 
He had just resigned , at least in part because of a feud with Assistant Secretary of State Bernard Aronson over the administration 's policy on Panama and support for Nicaragua 's Contra rebels . 
`` I ca n't remember a time when virtually everyone can agree on what the problem is , '' says Mr. Seidman , who heads the AFL-CIO 's department dealing with health matters . 
Japan does n't have enough AIDS patients to do significant experimentation in that country , they said . 
Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . '' 
`` Give me four or five more Series with these guys , and I do n't care if I ever win a Cy Young , '' he said , in reference to baseball 's best-pitcher award . 
And on London 's Stock Exchange Monday , 18.5 million shares were traded , far above the usual volume . 
The President came up with a good bill , but now may end up signing the awful bureaucratic creature hatched on Capitol Hill . 
Nearly a third said they have made some portfolio changes to anticipate a possible recession . 
But at a meeting last week , Tom Donovan , the Board of Trade 's president , told commodity lawyers : `` Dual trading is definitely worth saving . 
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves . 
The Wiedemann division was one of three businesses put up for sale in Cross & Trecker 's restructuring program announced in July . 
The TVA 's huge $ 4 billion offering dominated attention in the new-issue market . 
The `` seismic '' activity of a financial market bears a resemblance to the seismic activity of the earth . 
Apparently acknowledging weaker U.S. sales systemwide , McDonald 's vowed `` to use our size and muscle to do all that is necessary to build the brand . '' 
What 's more , he thinks this could be a nastier recession than usual : `` Once the downturn comes , it 's going to be very hard to reverse . '' 
Revenue fell to $ 1.04 billion from $ 1.07 billion . 
Westinghouse also is well positioned to sell steam turbine and gas turbine plants to independent power producers . 
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know-how if the price is right . 
But , given what might have happened to the fragile parts that are at the heart of the microelectronics business , the bulk of Valley companies seemed to be just about shouting hosannas . 
It 's almost impossible to track the number of companies trashing junk mail , since the decision is usually made in the mail room -- not the board room . 
Those allies included Politburo members Guenter Mittag , who has long headed economic affairs , and Joachim Hermann , chief of information policy . 
Yet much of the political culture seems intent on castigating the Bush administration for not `` helping '' Mr. Gorbachev . 
Mips also wants to wedge into markets other than traditional RISC applications such as engineering ; Mips said the new machine will also be used by businesses and for communications . 
Net for the New Brunswick , N.J. , maker of health-care products climbed to $ 265 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 240 million , or 71 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
`` If we want to survive as a people , '' he says , `` we have to change our way of life . 
First Union , with assets of about $ 32 billion , said it was disappointed by the delay but said it would cooperate with regulatory authorities . 
Kidder Peabody 's Mr. Jarrett also sees some benefits to the stock market 's recent drop . 
`` I do n't want to be like { financier Alan } Bond and the other Australians . 
Terms were n't disclosed , but industry executives said the units were sold for $ 40 million . 
At stake are almost 10,000 jobs in an industry that has been the mainstay of Finland 's post-war economic revival . 
ABC has n't had much luck with shows featuring blacks in recent years , and the producers of one new arrival are a bit desperate . 
The account had previously been handled by Saatchi & Saatchi Wegener , New York . 
`` Silver production is also in an inexorable upward trend , '' Ms. O'Connell says . 
The yield was 7.35 % , up 0.01 percentage point . 
Mr. Wynn seems confident that it will produce a healthy profit , but some securities analysts doubt it . 
Gemina said in a statement that `` it reserves the right to take any action to protect its rights as a member of the syndicate . '' 
`` It 's a nice feeling to know that things stabilized , '' said Mr. Sherman , the 51-year-old co-owner of a discount department store . 
There is plenty of work to be done on what we have . 
In short : Rey found companies with weak earnings but rich assets . '' 
In a hopeless position , the computer resigned rather than make its 37th move . 
But some clients and analysts expressed concern that Mr. Phillips is n't as well-known to many clients . 
Monday , October 30 , 1989 
Details and Camden are essential Florio . 
This is indeed what the market decided . 
It is n't every day that we hear a Violetta who can sing the first act 's high-flying music with all the little notes perfectly pitched and neatly stitched together . 
By Richterian standards , the show that the Oakland Athletics put on Friday and Saturday nights , in putting a mercifully swift end to the game 's Longest Short Series , rated somewhere between a 10 and an 11 . 
The shock of seeing homes destroyed and city services disrupted may cause some to confuse priorities such as the true economic value of a freezer full of meat . 
Bond prices took the high road and stock prices took the low road as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market . 
Some so-called high-quality junk issues , such as R.H. Macy & Co. 's 14 1\/2 % subordinated debentures , rose . 
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 . 
Rome magistrates accuse Mr. Carboni and several other people of trying to extort 1.2 billion lire ( $ 880,000 ) from the Vatican in return for documents contained in the briefcase of Roberto Calvi , the Ambrosiano chairman found hanged under London 's Blackfriar 's Bridge shortly before the bank 's collapse . 
Company officials have said they plan to reduce that ratio to less than 50 % over the next 2 1\/2 years . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was 237,960,000 shares . 
Sanwa Bank Ltd. is one Japanese bank that decided not to participate in the first UAL proposal . 
The company estimated that the transaction would enhance its book value , which stood at $ 28.55 a share on Sept. 30 , by more than $ 100 million , or about $ 4 a share . 
But the Supreme Court 's opening of debate may have changed even that . 
Some think investors should sell into rallies . 
The total short interest in Nasdaq stocks as of mid-October was 237.1 million shares , up from 223.7 million in September but well below the record level of 279 million shares established in July 1987 . 
And because the pachinko industry is regularly at the top of annual lists for tax evasion , some observers estimate the real income could be as much as 20 trillion yen . 
The NIH is asking grant recipients and others for comments on the proposed guidelines until Dec. 15 . 
The purchase includes a coffee-roasting plant in Omaha , Neb. , and a leased facility in Houston . 
Owning the Cowboys has bought him entree to a glitzy life that drilling for oil in Arkansas just did n't provide . 
It adds something to the market . 
Some analysts remain bullish . 
Brown 's story : 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold dropped $ 1.60 to $ 367.10 an ounce in moderate trading . 
Interpublic 's chairman and chief executive officer , Philip Geier Jr. , made the pitches in visits to Mr. Saatchi in London , the executives said . 
France voted the same as the U.S. 76 % of the time , West Germany 79 % and Britain 83 % . 
Bush is to visit the area today , and officials in Washington estimated that emergency assistance would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
`` Is there really a commitment or an illusion of activity ? '' he asks . 
At Scudder and at the smaller Ivy funds group in Hingham , Mass. , for instance , some shareholders called early in the morning to switch money from stock funds to money market funds , but later called back to reverse the switches . 
U.S. Trust recently introduced certain mutual-fund products , which allow it to serve customers with minimum deposits of $ 250,000 . 
The bills are dated Oct. 31 and mature Dec. 21 , 1989 . 
`` However , if you exclude defense-related orders then durable goods were down 3.9 % . 
The graph on the left shows how this happens ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 30 , 1989 ) . 
The government later brought a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others . 
`` It should be treated like the Medellin { drug } mafia , not the Founding Fathers . '' 
Prime Computer plans to dismiss 20 % of its work force to cut costs following its recent leveraged buy-out . 
Coniston , a New York investment partnership , awaits a vote by TW 's shareholders , scheduled for Friday , on Coniston 's $ 34-a-share , or $ 1.66 billion , offer for TW . 
The indictment , which was sealed and apparently forgotten by investigators until 1987 , charges Mr. Koskotas and three others with tax fraud and other violations . 
Conservatives question the validity of the studies and note that the Supreme Court ruled in 1987 that such research , regardless of its accuracy , is n't relevant to a constitutional attack on a particular death sentence . 
I believe the U.S. is becoming more patient and circumspect , '' he said . 
It expects to begin construction by year end and start shipping four-megabit dynamic random-access memory chips by mid-1991 . 
Witnesses have said the grand jury has asked numerous questions about Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton , the senior vice president of Gulf Power who died in the plane crash in April . 
The crowd groans , Mr. Jones shakes his head , the Cowboys lose the game . 
But Mr. Noriega was convinced the Reagan White House would n't act against him , recalls his close ally Jose Blandon , because he had an insurance policy : his involvement with the Contra rebels in Nicaragua . 
Amstrad 's profit after taxes fell a similarly steep 51 % , to # 51.1 million from # 105 million a year earlier . 
Merrill 's move is one of the most sweeping program-trading pullbacks of recent days , because the big securities firm will no longer execute stock-index arbitrage trades for customers . 
U.S. Memories Inc. , the venture that seeks to crack Japan 's domination of the memory-chip market , said it has chosen four potential sites for its operations after a fierce bidding war by 15 states . 
Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had `` taken significant steps '' to restore the company 's credibility and sense of professionalism and integrity . 
He believes that the volatile conditions created by program trading has `` thoroughly confused '' investors about where the market is headed . 
Previous monthly expirations of the Major Market Index futures and Standard & Poor 's 100-stock index options have produced spectacular volatility . 
And expect slower fastballs . 
`` My husband was instantly impoverished by the very act of marrying me , '' she says . 
Profits from U.S. exploration and production operations totaled $ 58 million , after the property sale loss , compared with a year-earlier $ 44 million loss that included a $ 16 million reorganization charge . 
`` There are n't too many winners . '' 
Mr. O'Kicki said he will respond to Mr. Green 's allegation at his trial . 
After 25 years in city politics , David Dinkins remains an enigma . 
Japan 's wholesale prices in the first 10 days of October fell 0.3 % from the previous 10 days but rose 3.3 % from a year ago , the Bank of Japan said . 
Mr. Brown , meanwhile , believes `` only one tax will be feasible , and it will be a one-penny sales tax increase , '' said Chuck Dalldorf , an aide . 
But programs in individual computers must be revised in order to work with that system . 
In addition to increasing costs as a result of greater financial exposure for members , these measures could have other , far-reaching repercussions . 
Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % late this year or early next year , and at least two competitors have announced similar increases . 
And where were all our handsomely paid Indian Ocean allies last year when our convoys were being attacked ? '' 
With the company also exercising a plan to buy back as many as 10 % of its shares outstanding , B.A.T closed at 783 , up 27 . 
Hilton rose 2 7\/8 to 100 , for example . 
The company said the move was necessary to meet capital requirements . 
`` Companies that have the most exposure to the business cycle have underperformed since late last summer . '' 
The five astronauts , who stowed gear and tested the spacecraft 's steering , said they were unconcerned about the touchy weather expected in the Mojave Desert . 
Robert Stovall , a veteran New York money manager and president of Stovall\/Twenty-First Securities , has money in both gold and utility issues . 
All this stuff still is in the House 's 1,878-page reconciliation bill , and many Members say they 're reluctant to pull out cherished bills , just to see them die . 
National Geographic , the sixth-largest U.S. magazine , is attracting more readers than ever and offers the glossy , high-toned pages that upscale advertisers love . 
Richard W. Lock , retired vice president and treasurer of Owens-Illinois Inc. , was named a director of this transportation industry supplier , increasing its board to six members . 
He launched into Saint-Saens 's `` The Swan '' from `` Carnival of the Animals , '' a favorite encore piece for cellists , with lovely , glossy tone and no bite . 
The newly identified genes differ from a family of genes discovered in the early 1980s called oncogenes . 
Bechtel Group Inc. , the giant closely held engineering concern , says it has instituted a 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. flextime arrangement , whereby employees may select any eight-hour period during those hours to go to work . 
Even Sears , Roebuck & Co. is getting into the act , offering for the first time to have Federal Express deliver toys ordered by Dec. 20 from its Wish Book catalog . 
Operating profit from electrical and electronics controls , Eaton 's other major business group , fell 11 % to $ 32 million , despite a 7.7 % increase in sales to $ 376 million . 
Beta figures are widely available and easy to interpret . 
The court ordered FERC to justify within 60 days not only its cost-sharing deadline , but other major elements of its proposed regulation for introducing more competition into natural-gas transportation . 
Especially at times like these , when declining rates make it hard for investors to get yields they have come to expect , too many people chase the promise of above-market returns without fully appreciating the risk . 
Among them were the ALQ-135 electronic countermeasures system for the F-15 fighter . 
The exchange is gradually being squeezed into narrow , less-profitable segments of the market by less hidebound competitors . 
Never mind that First Gibraltar is one of the failed Texas thrifts taken over by outsiders -- in this case , an investor group headed by New York financier Ronald Perelman . 
ADN said Mr. Honecker , a hard-line Stalinist who in 1961 supervised the construction of the Berlin Wall , also was relieved of his title as head of state and his position as chief of the military . 
The two , Szeto Wah and Martin Lee , were deemed unfit because they had condemned China 's crackdown on its pro-democracy movement . 
Her sister-in-law ( Amy Wright ) is a sniveling prude afraid that Kate will seduce all the married men in town , including a particularly loathsome fellow named Tucker , whose idea of fun is to leave his wife at home tending to her bruises and cigarette burns , while he bullies Kate into a dance that consists of drooling on her while trying to break her ribs . 
As the government prepares to release the next batch of economic reports , the consensus among economists and money managers is that the news will be negative . 
Although he called current market conditions `` highly competitive , '' Mr. LaMothe , Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive officer , forecast an earnings increase for the full year . 
About six months before a recession ends , stocks typically begin to rise again , as investors anticipate a recovery . 
We go from one to the other . 
Artists and draftsmen need harder `` leads . '' 
Storage , which includes computer controllers and 3.5-inch disk drives , represents nearly two-thirds of the company 's business . 
Analysts predict the sales impact will linger . 
When UAL finally opened a half hour late , some 400,000 shares traded at $ 150 . 
While the government drains Pemex from above , the union has drained it from below . 
`` We 're trying to get it on line as soon as possible now . '' 
Henry Pitman , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case , said about 1,000 customers were defrauded and that Barclay 's total proceeds from the sales were $ 3.4 million . 
The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 . 
Pitney Bowes said the decision was based on a long-term analysis of the compatibility of Wheeler Group 's marketing business with other Pitney Bowes operations . 
Northgate Exploration Ltd. said it is proposing to amalgamate four of its associated companies . 
And Detroit 's Big Three auto makers say their systems are still under development . 
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high-performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market-research firm InfoCorp . 
Akzo 's Twaron aramid fiber is a distant second to Du Pont Co. 's Kevlar , which dominates the market . 
Beantown scribes , who spare no invective when taking on local luminaries such as Michael `` Pee Wee '' Dukakis , or New England Patriots Coach Raymond `` Rev. Ray '' Berry , yesterday poured ridicule on new drawings of Globe columnists that replaced old photos in the revamped pages this week . 
Professor of Taxation 
`` The capriciousness would completely disrupt our operations , '' says Ernesto Vega Velasco , Desc 's finance director . 
AYER TALKS : 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 282 million from $ 268.3 million . 
Many have launched promotions to attract new fans and are renegotiating dated stadium contracts . 
But then again , mailing less and smarter wo n't be much help if the mail ends up in the garbage anyway . 
Unknown before 1960 were the inconclusive effects of acid rain , greenhouse warming and ozone depletion , all of which required burgeoning political power and gargantuan expense . 
Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and do n't work : -- `` Parental involvement '' is a bad idea . 
However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem `` had pretty good earnings numbers , '' said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Sales of Prozac , an anti-depressant , led drug-sales increases . 
Prospect slipped 25 cents to $ 10.50 in national over-the-counter trading . 
Street lights , the ad points out , `` helped sharpen the arm of many a budding baseball player . '' 
Revco reacted cautiously , saying the plan would add $ 260 million of new debt to the highly leveraged company . 
As a result , the effort by some oil ministers to get OPEC to approve a new permanent production-sharing agreement next month is taking on increasing urgency . 
`` The city could lose some of its entrepreneurial flavor . 
That brought a chain reaction in the industry . 
On Oct. 5 , the Bundesbank raised the Lombard and discount rates by one percentage point to 8 % and 6 % , respectively , the highest levels in seven years . 
Insofar as Mr. Dingell has a special interest in NIH and the institutions that receive its funding , the Rockefeller scientists were no doubt discomfited by Dr. Baltimore 's unflattering public opinion of this congressional patron , whose behavior reminded Dr. Baltimore of the McCarthy era . 
Pharmaceuticals made across-the-board advances . 
This was in contrast with the society 's meeting last May , at the height of the controversy , when more than 1,500 scientists , along with scores of reporters and TV crews , crowded into a Los Angeles hotel ballroom for a tumultuous special night session on the subject . 
But congressional Democrats have blocked the same from occurring at the federal level , with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides . 
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either . 
She said they have `` oversimplified and made some erroneous assumptions that make their analysis completely off-base . '' 
Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas . 
But so far , Mr. Paul and his advisers are holding fast . 
Over the first few weeks , `` Mancuso FBI '' has sprung straight from the headlines , which is either a commendable stab at topicality , or a lack of imagination , or both . 
Operating profit rose 5.5 % to 332.38 billion yen from 315.12 billion yen . 
`` So they were surprised and very disappointed by prepayment . '' 
The sale price , which was above Wall Street expectations , sent many RJR securities up by one point . 
Trinova Corp. , Maumee , Ohio , said it is launching an extensive restructuring of its core business , and took a charge that resulted in a loss of $ 29.7 million , or 87 cents a share , for the third quarter . 
Last March , Isetan invested 1.5 billion yen ( $ 10.6 million ) in a venture with Barney 's Inc. , an up-scale New York specialty clothier . 
Two other men also were charged with participating in the operation . 
Anything to make a sale . '' 
Before your next California-bashing editorial , please spend more time out here witnessing the situation -- it just may change your view . 
Right now , the executive adds , `` he wants to continue to focus on paying down '' USX 's debt by selling assets . 
The uninsured subordinate lien bonds are n't rated , according to the lead underwriter . 
Nissan Motor Co. expects net income to reach 120 billion yen ( U.S. $ 857 million ) in its current fiscal year , up from 114.6 billion yen in the previous year , Yutaka Kume , president , said . 
When they do hit , they hit fast , '' says David A. Wyss , chief financial economist at the Data Resources division of McGraw-Hill Inc . 
The disclosures state that commissions were paid by Bofors to an Indian agent of the arms company . 
Much of the money was switched into the firm 's money market funds . 
The U.S. argues that its plan would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by converting certain non-tariff barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 10 years . 
Just before the actual closing arguments , the firm put the case to a vote of the five shadow jurors , each of whom was being paid $ 150 a day . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , First Union shares rose 25 cents to $ 23 . 
And of course they agree that people can impose restrictions on the use of their papers , whether in their own possession or as donated or sold to libraries . 
Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects . 
`` It 's back to tax-give-away time for the select few , '' says Rep. William Gray of Pennsylvania , the third-ranking Democrat in the House . 
A spokesman said sales are expected to be hurt , but the losses are covered by insurance . 
Other firms `` are dealing with the masses . 
The Senate estimates that its version of the provision would yield $ 17 million the first year and a total of $ 409 million over five years . 
Their reluctance to support the proposal is another blow to the capital-gains cut , which has had a roller-coaster existence since the beginning of the year , when it was considered dead and then suddenly revived and was passed by the House . 
The Clean Air bill ( quack ) . 
`` But not a single piece of paper was sold . '' 
Saturday , he amended his remarks to say that he would continue to abide by the cease-fire if the U.S. ends its financial support for the Contras . 
Mr. Miller vetoed that : `` Even I ca n't understand all the footnotes , '' he says . 
In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Industrial and Commercial Bank , and setting up Saigon Petro , which owns and operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery . 
Still , criminal defense lawyers worry that defendants are being deprived of their Sixth Amendment right to counsel and a fair trial if the government can seize lawyers ' fees . 
Justin Feldman and Jack Arseneault , attorneys for Mr. Antar , both declined to comment on the matter . 
The unexpectedly wide U.S. August trade deficit of $ 10.77 billion hit an already jittery U.K. market in midafternoon . 
`` Maybe it was just a vulnerable time , '' says Mr. Cortese . 
Not only can they block Wellington from raising money in Japan , bankers here say , but as the largest underwriters in the Eurobond market , they might be able to scuttle borrowings there , too . 
The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between television producer Mark Goodson and Ingersoll founder Ralph Ingersoll . 
The bid values Navigation Mixte at around 23 billion francs , depending on how many holders of Navigation Mixte warrants exchange them for shares before the bid expires . 
Foreign Bonds 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , H.H. Robertson closed at $ 11.625 , up 62.5 cents . 
They build the Lincoln Town Car , Continental and Mark VII , the Ford Escort and full-sized pickup trucks . 
One indication of a growing number of junk defaults , Mr. Asquith says , is that about half of the $ 3 billion of corporate bonds outstanding that have been lowered to a default rating by S&P this year are junk bonds sold during the market 's big issue years of 1984 through 1986 . 
The Soviets are `` contemplating a flexible system under which it would be possible to develop { technology } jointly and even to market it jointly , '' he says . 
The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business . 
But of course the Democrats pillorying HUD in hearings and in the press have no such solution in mind . 
IBM has no plans to recall its add-on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays . 
`` All you have to do is eat a big pizza , and then go to bed , '' he says . 
The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name `` Deloitte '' by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world . 
Bradley A. Stertz in Detroit contributed to this article . 
Prudential currently is seeking approval to offer a new fund offering a return equal to the S&P 500 index plus 5\/100 of a percentage point . 
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said . 
The percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year , while the coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year . 
But the familiarity of his style also makes his work accessible , as the streets of Cairo come alive for the Western reader as vividly as Dickens 's London or Dostoevski 's St. Petersburg . 
Beneficial Corp. -- 
Mr. Phelan has had difficulty convincing the public that the Big Board is serious about curbing volatility , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , which buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes like the Standard & Poor 's 500 , and which sometimes employ program trading . 
And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top-management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
A further decline in prices will lead to mine production cuts in the U.S. , he says . 
`` North , '' the document went on , referring to Oliver North , `` has told Noriega 's representative that U.S. law forbade such actions . 
No wonder . 
Some would make even James Bond green with envy . 
On military alternatives if the U.S. pulls back : `` The Soviets already are present . 
For instance , it releases Mr. Sisulu without conditions , yet his son , Zwelakhe , a newspaper editor , is restricted to his home much of the day and is n't allowed to work as a journalist . 
Tuitions at private colleges rose 154 % in the 10 years ended in June of this year ; that 's twice the 77 % increase in consumer prices for the same period . 
Production is expected to be about 40,000 barrels of oil a day after completion of the drilling program . 
Also , Armco and National Intergroup had lower operating profit in steel , marking what may be the end of a two-year industry boom . 
Pinnacle West Capital , which suspended its common-stock dividend indefinitely and reported a 91 % decline in third-quarter earnings , fell 5\/8 to 11 3\/8 . 
`` I do n't think he 'd want to give out his current account numbers . 
In early trading Wednesday in Tokyo , the Nikkei index rose 19.30 points to 35015.38 . 
So Mr. Kahn says high priority is being given to creating a computerized matchmaking service `` where instead of being matched for eye color , you could be matched for similar intellectual interests . '' 
In Montreal , Quebecor 's multiple voting Class A stock closed at C$ 16.375 ( US$ 13.94 ) , down 12.5 Canadian cents . 
A Japan Air Lines spokesman said its flights into and out of San Francisco were n't affected , but getting information about its operations was difficult . 
He last made waves when he dared to defend an Indian girl who had been adopted by non-Indian parents off her reservation . 
Fannie Mae 's 9 % issue was at 98 7\/32 , up 1\/8 . 
She has thrown extravagant soirees for crowds of people , but prefers more intimate gatherings . 
I was struck a couple of years ago by the drug-interdiction effort in the Bahamas . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Black & Decker closed at $ 19.75 yesterday , down 25 cents . 
`` Putting it all together , we have a negative scenario that does n't look like it will improve overnight , '' he said . 
And a Fannie Mae seminar this week promises to draw hundreds of prospective investors , who can be expected to channel tens of billions of dollars into the market in the next few years . 
To watch your child die is an inhuman experience . '' 
Only three of the 25 corporate pension fund managers attending a Lowry Consulting Group client conference say they plan to change the asset allocation mix in their portfolios because of the market drop . 
But Congress and the president accept no responsibility for the exercise of the power they have given the Fed . 
Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the `` bugs '' are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . 
`` We backed this bill because we thought it would help Skinner , '' one Republican said , `` and now we 're out there dangling in the wind . '' 
Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. -- $ 475 million of senior subordinated resettable debentures , due Oct. 15 , 2001 , priced at par to yield 14.75 % . 
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore . 
Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $ 33.3 million from $ 12.9 million , and exploration and production earnings rose to $ 37.1 million from $ 17.9 million . 
A new experiment , reported in this week 's New England Journal of Medicine , involved giving injections of Amgen 's EPO to 23 patients who wanted to store units of their own blood . 
Because of Integrated 's widely reported troubles , the unit 's representatives had been requesting a name change . 
But Burger King operators independently confirm using Michael 's product . 
Really now , did she have to ask ? 
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually . 
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit . 
At 13,000 feet , the engines restarted . 
The first two GAF trials were watched closely on Wall Street because they were considered to be important tests of the government 's ability to convince a jury of allegations stemming from its insider-trading investigations . 
Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software . 
He expects such a cut `` because of problems in several sectors of the economy , particularly real estate and automobiles . '' 
Industry analysts have said that the purchase price for the paper was too high , causing a strain on Goodson 's finances . 
California Health Facilities Financing Authority -- $ 144.35 million of revenue bonds for Kaiser Permanente , due 19931999 , 2004 , 2008 , 2018 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6.25 % in 1993 to 7.227 % in 2018 . 
ABC lost $ 75 million on the 1988 Winter Games , partly because of its $ 309 million rights fee . 
The radio queries again . 
Its profits , unlike Phibro 's , soared over the next two years , and had it held out , Salomon could have gotten an even bigger bundle . 
Shipments have run well ahead of 1988 all year , as machine tool builders produce against relatively good backlogs . 
To keep his schedule on track , he flies two personal secretaries in from Little Rock to augment his staff in Dallas . 
A surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit raised fears that the nation 's export drive has stalled , and caused new turmoil in financial markets . 
He is president and chief executive officer of Comerica Inc. in Detroit . 
Spiegel , which also owns Eddie Bauer and Honeybee , says that since 1987 , sales have doubled during the week before Christmas . 
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance . 
Does the tyke have a good mind about to be wasted ? 
Bargain hunters helped stock prices break a weeklong losing streak while bond prices and the dollar inched higher . 
He could n't be reached and a company spokesman would n't comment on the dismissal . 
It has a long shelf life and `` does n't fool the public , '' says Grady Auvil , an Orondo , Wash. , grower who is planting Fujis and spreading the good word about them . 
The union called the strike in April after Pittston refused to sign the UMW 's national labor pact . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.45 % three months ; 8.27 % six months . 
The results reflect a reversal in the fortunes of the regions during the past two years . 
Before becoming a consultant in 1974 , Mr. Achenbaum was a senior executive at J. Walter Thompson Co . 
In the first nine months , 1,977 transactions were announced , up 15 % from 1,716 in the year-earlier period . 
Moreover , the securities were introduced only about 4 1\/2 years ago ; the biggest unknown is how they will fare in a recession . 
Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said he was n't aware of plans at Ladenburg to name a co-chairman to succeed Mr. Koenig and said the board would need to approve any appointments or title changes . 
Wang got into financial trouble because of bloated overhead and overly optimistic sales forecasts . 
`` Nobody 's been perfect in their credit judgments the past couple years , and we 're going to make sure our default rates are going to be in the acceptable parameters of the market . '' 
During 1976 to 1979 , other former Franklin officials either pleaded guilty to or were found guilty of violations including phony transactions to hide the bank 's losses . 
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward . 
He recommended that the company file for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code before the MCA deadline , according to a source familiar with the sessions . 
Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it . 
The money spent on repairs will be counted as a plus . 
It presents no great issue of legal principle , no overriding question of family law or the law of contempt . 
The machine uses a single processor , which makes it easier to program than competing machines using several processors . 
When he died in 1959 , Chandler left behind four chapters of yet another Marlowe book , `` The Poodle Springs Story , '' which seemed to go beyond parody into something like burlesque . 
As Yogi Berra might say , it 's deja vu all over again . 
Some industry observers say that Mitsukoshi 's classy image makes it a possible match for Saks Fifth Avenue . 
In other trading , Medco Containment Services gained 7\/8 to 15 on 1.9 million shares after reporting a loss for the first quarter , which ended Sept. 30 . 
Their original indictment against Mr. Wittgreen , the friend of Mr. Noriega , and the other four was dismissed on a technicality . 
IBM , which gets about half its revenue and more than half its profit from mainframes , also announced upgraded operating system software that , together with the new hardware , lets customers do so-called batch processing as much as 60 % faster . 
Shorted shares must eventually be replaced through buying . 
The British Deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of Deloitte and Touche world-wide and joined Coopers & Lybrand . 
Now it has -- especially for people my age . '' 
`` We believe our suggested plan is more likely to improve the availability of quality legal service to the poor than is the proposed mandatory pro bono plan and will achieve that objective without the divisiveness , distraction , administrative burdens and possible failure that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan , '' said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee . 
The other two main pillars of Banco Exterior 's traditional business -- wholesale banking and foreign currency trading -- also began to crumble under the weight of heavy competition and changing client needs . 
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it 's carrying a lot of debt . 
Fears that Ford 's ardor might be cooling put Jaguar shares into reverse after GM confirmed its friendly negotiations with Jaguar . 
Worse , every week it suffers audience drop-off from `` Murphy Brown '' and viewership on CBS picks up again once `` Teddy Z '' is over and is followed by `` Designing Women . '' 
We know it 's there . 
Finally , Tuesday 's California earthquake initially knocked 3.7 % off B.A.T 's share price in London yesterday because of fears of the potential claims to Los Angeles-based Farmers , which has a substantial portion of its property and casualty exposure in California . 
Meanwhile , Sir James still is pursuing efforts to gain U.S. insurance regulators ' approval for a change in control of B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. unit . 
And those efforts are paying off : Spirits exports jumped more than 2 1\/2 times to $ 157.2 million in 1988 from $ 59.8 million in 1983 , according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. , a trade group . 
Yet he is also firmly bound by his hard-line rhetoric and promises he made to anti-abortion activists during his long pursuit of the White House . 
The New York study 's companies averaged 27 employees ; their annual crime losses averaged about $ 15,000 , with an additional $ 8,385 annual cost in security -- enough money to hire at least one more worker . 
The benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 100 29\/32 to yield 8.03 % , compared with 100 28\/32 to yield 8.04 % Tuesday . 
With this treatment we have reduced deaths in high-risk colon cancer by one-third -- but this leaves the two-thirds who are dying of cancer . 
We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men and women dickered over budgets and even log-rolled a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads paved , soldiers paid or that the desperately poor were cared for . 
Among other blue chips , Exxon gained 1\/8 to 45 1\/2 . 
The company attributed much of the growth in earnings to increased demand for its systems productivity software . 
Flexible portfolio funds , which allocate investments among stocks , bonds and money-market instruments and other investments , declined at about half the rate of stock funds -- an average drop of 1.27 % , according to Lipper . 
Arthur Price abruptly quit as president and chief executive officer of MTM Entertainment Inc. , a Los Angeles production company that has fallen on hard times . 
Mr. Stein said tighter operating controls have enabled Ekco to reduce inventory levels 25 % to 30 % ; improve on-time delivery of orders to about 95 % from around 70 % ; and to lower the number of labor hours required to produce a unit . 
Up to now , the intense competition between IBM and Digital has been confined largely to the broad midrange of the computer market , where Digital sought to exploit IBM 's weaknesses in networking . 
With the fall social season well under way , name-droppers are out in force , trying to impress their betters and sometimes put down their lessers . 
Ginnie Mae 13 % securities were down about 1\/4 at 109 30\/32 . 
I 'm talking about landing in a canal . 
With an audience totaling more than 400,000 , `` Batibot '' consistently ranks in the country 's top-four most-watched daytime programs . 
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan . 
Helmsley Enterprises Inc. plans to close its company-owned insurance business and is seeking other brokers to take over its policies , according to individuals familiar with the New York firm . 
For the last year , Santa Fe Pacific has redirected its real estate operations toward longer-term development of its properties , hurting profits that the parent had generated in the past from periodic sales from its portfolio . 
`` You are a dinosaur ... a hangover in a $ 10 suit ... 
Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling , dowdy bowling centers , and dissatisfaction with bowling itself . 
Westmoreland Coal Co. , realizing benefits of a sustained effort to cut costs and boost productivity , reported sharply improved third-quarter results . 
In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable black , Hispanic , and non-Hispanic white populations -- Carolyn Maloney 's 8th district in northern Manhattan and the south Bronx and Susan Alter 's 25th district in Brooklyn , for example . 
Still , says Mr. Lee : `` We need to educate people that they need to get to a phone somehow , some way , to let someone know what their status is . '' 
If he is competent and conscientious , he serves us well . 
Kerr-McGee Corp. said it will spend $ 42 million to purchase land and relocate its ammonium perchlorate storage facility to Clark County , Nev. , from Henderson , Nev . 
He said it especially will strengthen the company 's efforts in the rapidly growing field of bio-analytical instrumentation , and in applied nuclear physics . 
Although the notification guideline was n't carried out in this month 's coup attempt , some administration officials argue that it may have led to hesitation and uncertainty on the part of U.S. intelligence and military operatives in Panama . 
Ford originally had seen a Saab alliance as a way to expand its presence in the European and U.S. luxury car markets . 
So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs , and tinkered with stocks , bonds and mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market . 
`` Collectibles should continue to be recognized as capital assets , '' the letter states . 
The debentures , callable at par in five years , were priced at a yield spread of about 86 basis points above the Treasury 10-year note . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % six months . 
`` But it has n't increased much relative to other assets . 
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers . 
But for companies that use hundreds of eggs a day , breaking them by hand can get , well , out of hand . 
Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Nerds and Geeks , or SONG . 
However , he recently told the Senate Banking Committee that he believes the agency should have explicit authority to monitor debt levels at holding companies and affiliates of broker-dealers , which are frequently used to issue bridge loans . 
One essential indicator that they are is that members of minority groups get elected to public office with reasonable frequency . 
But the new pact will force huge debt on the new firm and could still fail to thwart rival suitor McCaw Cellular . 
The other suit was filed by two men in a dispute over $ 100,000 investments each says he made with Mr. Peterson as part of an effort to purchase the Bank of Scottsdale in Scottsdale , Ariz . 
Mr. Ramirez , who arrived late at the Sharpshooter with his crew because he had started early in the morning setting up tanks at another site , just got the first raise he can remember in eight years , to $ 8.50 an hour from $ 8 . 
The 1988 period was restated from net income of $ 8 million to correct an overstatement in the company 's Boston Co. subsidiary . 
The rate on six-month bills rose to 7.53 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.92 % . 
The U.S. is worried about the convertibility of Olivetti 's machine tools to military use . 
An important element of this phenomenon -- the now-shaky market for junk bonds , used often to finance restructurings and takeovers -- continued to cast a pall over stocks . 
But he says that 's no more a reason for banning Egg Kings than bad drivers are a reason for banning cars . 
Flights are `` missions . '' 
Mr. Stein said he expects profit to be higher in 1990 than in 1989 , reflecting a number of measures taken since the acquisition of Ekco Housewares in late 1987 . 
But while making the obvious point that both composers develop variations from themes , this comparison ignores the intensely claustrophobic nature of Mr. Glass 's music . 
At Scudder , Stevens & Clark Inc. , phone calls came in at 40 % more than the normal pace through early afternoon . 
`` Now , they 'll have to increase their coffers to protect for the future and that means rate increases . '' 
The junk bond prices of Western Union Corp. tumbled after the company said it wo n't proceed with an exchange offer to holders of its reset notes . 
The announcement coincides with the start of the Commonwealth Ministers Conference in Kuala Lumpur , where proposals for renewed sanctions against South Africa , including moves to block settling of a new debt agreement , were scheduled to be discussed . 
Exchange officials extended trading hours , 75 minutes on Monday and 65 minutes on Tuesday , to clear up order backlogs . 
Even if borrowing resumes , commercial bankers are n't expected to lend as much as before . 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY , Scotts Valley , maker of hard disk drives for computers , annual sales of $ 1.37 billion , OTC , closed to assess what appeared to be minor damage to some of its 20 buildings . 
But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines , which it acquired . 
Pamela Sutherland , executive director of the Illinois Planned Parenthood Council , says she and her allies are `` cautiously optimistic '' they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote . 
Many of his views on the protection of wilderness areas , rivers and canyons are now embraced by mainstream , conservative Utahans . 
Hiroyuki Murai , general manager of the stock trading division at Nikko Securities , said that after looking at the reasons for Friday 's Wall Street plunge , participants realized that the Tokyo and New York markets have different economic fundamentals . 
Of course these turf battles are unseemly , wasteful and potentially dangerous and should be resolved in the interest of national security , but Mr. Lehman seems to be part of the problem rather than part of the answer . 
Last week , Mesa rejected a general proposal from StatesWest that the two carriers combine . 
K mart Corp. agreed to acquire Pace Membership Warehouse Inc. for $ 23 a share , or $ 322 million , in a move to expand its presence in the rapidly growing warehouse-club business . 
Its capital will also be raised to 232.4 billion lire ( $ 172.5 million ) from the current 204.3 billion lire . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.47 % 30 days ; 8.42 % 60 days ; 8.25 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8.02 % 150 days ; 7.95 % 180 days . 
Now they plan to sell us products that sift through all the information to give us what we really want to know . 
Mr. Dozen joined Daiwa upon his graduation from Kyoto University in 1959 . 
The breezes are soft , the waves lap gently and the palm trees sway lazily . 
In one sense , this limits him ; unlike a writer such as Gabriel Garcia Marquez , who has a distinctive Latin voice , Mr. Mahfouz 's style offers little that can be labeled `` Egyptian . '' 
He notes that some `` revolving credit-card credit is actually convenience credit '' being used simply as a handy way of paying bills rather than a handy way of borrowing . 
Still , Berbera was the best we could get , so we stay in bed with President Barrah . 
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one . 
Compliance added 15 % to 20 % to her accounting bill last year , she says . 
Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares . 
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia-Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom . 
A report late yesterday that the Chicago-area purchasing managers survey showed increased economic activity in that part of the country cut into bond-price gains . 
Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a ban on military sales and exchanges , a suspension of most high-level government contacts and a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs , such as the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Trade Development Program . 
His failures in those two areas deeply , and sometimes bitterly , disappointed many Indians . 
According to the report , inventories outside the farm sector grew at an annual rate of $ 24.6 billion in the third quarter , up from a $ 19.5 billion pace in the second quarter . 
To be sure , the stock still has a lot of fans . 
Extraordinary general meetings , to be held Nov. 28 , will decide the share exchange ratio . 
Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a `` sell '' recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
But , he adds , `` We ca n't tell where it will go at all because we 're still in the middle of it . '' 
The company also cited the stronger dollar , which cuts the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars . 
Traders anticipated a volatile session due to the October expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks . 
According to one analyst , prices opened higher because of reports over the weekend that Brazil and Colombia , at the Pan-American summit meeting in Costa Rica , had agreed to a reduction in their coffee export quotas for the sake of creating a new agreement . 
The provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate , could raise the price tags of such deals by up to 10 % and cool the takeover boom . 
That brought the average 's cumulative gain this week to about 114 points . 
For that matter , those long ago identified as liars are still given respectful hearings in the press . 
A year later , she moved to the commercial property claims division . 
And 45 companies paid effective tax rates of below 10 % of their income . 
Just how rancorous the relationship has become is clear from the differing versions of the two sides ' current business dealings . 
Normally , Sotheby 's would have earned 20 % of the total in commissions . 
Instead , both congressional and administration officials agreed , it grew out of talks about coup-planning in Panama that were initiated by the administration in July 1988 and stretched into last October . 
Complete units have been trained and indoctrinated in the U.S.S.R. and other East bloc nations ; 30,000 to 40,000 of these troops have returned . 
James Fallon , a New Providence , N.J. , marketing consultant to the chemicals industry , says Du Pont still holds an edge in making the pigment because the company was `` first in with the technology '' to lower costs . 
The refinancing is part of the TVA 's strategy of dealing with what has been an intractable problem : its staggering $ 18.5 billion debt , most of which is owed to the Treasury Department 's Federal Financing Bank . 
`` We 're planning on a rip-roaring year in 1989 , but next year we 'll be another story , '' said Robert Freedman , a partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett . 
The lack of a strong product at the high end of Digital 's line was a significant drag on sales . 
Americans place native or native speakers in charge of subsidiaries overseas . 
Furthermore , no bell has yet rung to announce the end of this immense episode of natural global warming . 
AT&T said it expects to beat to the marketplace two rivals , Northern Telecom Ltd. of Canada and France 's Alcatel N.V. , which also have announced Sonet-based products . 
Non-lawyers will be added to the inquiry panels that look into allegations of misconduct . 
Officials also disclosed it 's possible that NEC may reduce domestic production of one-megabit chips to five million a month from six million , beginning January , because of deteriorating market prices . 
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . '' 
Index arbitrage recently has accounted for about half of all program trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
In addition to owning HBO , Time Warner owns American Television & Communications Inc. , the nation 's second largest cable operator after TCI . 
Thomas H. Johnson , president of the Coatedboard division of Mead Corp. , was named president of Manville Forest Products Corp. , a Manville unit , and senior vice president of Manville Corp . 
For the third quarter , Warner 's $ 106 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of $ 113 million , or 90 cents a share . 
`` On a truly comparable basis , we 've seen modest earnings growth this year from the operations of our company , '' said Jack MacAllister , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Volume totaled 12,500,000 shares . 
To be introduced later are a multiplexer , which will allow several signals to travel along a single optical line ; a light-wave system , which carries voice channels ; and a network controller , which directs data flow through cross-connect systems . 
Allied Capital is a closed-end management investment company that will operate as a business development concern . 
Mattel has purchased a new headquarters building in El Segundo , Calif. , which it will occupy by the end of next year . 
Including a sale of stock last February , Mr. Sherry has sold 88 % of his stake in the company this year , according to SEC filings . 
Each index point represents a $ 500 profit for each S&P 500 contract held . 
`` We 're anticipating quite a traffic crunch , '' said one official . 
`` I 'm ecstatic about the change , '' said Mr. Vila , whose new syndicated program is called `` Home Again with Bob Vila . '' 
It 's being sold through bookstores , newsstands and some video stores . 
But Coniston , a New York partnership managed by the firm of Gollust , Tierney & Oliver , yesterday announced that `` in view of unsettled conditions in securities markets '' the offering would be postponed and restructured . 
`` The paper reflected the truth . 
`` If they think well of the company through our support of the Bill of Rights , it follows they 'll think well of our products . '' 
At the end of the term of the convertible loan , Sears could still own half the building , and AEW could own the other half . 
His campaign hierarchy is chosen from elsewhere in the state , and faced with criticism of a sweetheart bank investment , he has so far blunted the issue by donating the bulk of his profits to his alma mater , Trenton State College . 
Troubled Saatchi & Saatchi Co. has attracted offers for some of its advertising units , with potential suitors including Interpublic Group , but has rejected them , people familiar with the company said . 
The film makers have couched this offensive idea in pretty packaging . 
Peter Gumbel in Moscow contributed to this article . 
`` But it does get him to return my calls , and it makes me feel better for the times he 's given me the brushoff , '' Mr. Kessler says . 
In the affidavits , Mr. Peters says he was `` shocked '' when Mr. Ross refused a meeting and made it clear he would stop them . 
Your were on target regarding industry problems , but wide of the mark in portraying the financial health of this company . 
Mr. Ball noted that television stations featured people holding up phone books , explaining where to call for help . 
But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows genetic defects can be detected three days after conception using a new American-developed gene-copying technique . 
The ploy worked . 
Mr. Delchamps , 46 years old , succeeds A.F. Delchamps Jr. , who died in a plane crash on Sunday at the age of 58 . 
David B. Hilder in New York contributed to this article . 
Half-year production was up 3.4 % compared with the same period a year earlier . 
Several leveraged funds do n't want to cut the amount they borrow because it would slash the income they pay shareholders , fund officials said . 
COTTON : 
INTEREST-RATE PLAYER : 
`` That and adjustment to the new law were the biggest factors in the industry . '' 
The key steps advocated include : -- PROPERTY . 
Compared with huge annual surpluses of more than 100 million ounces in the first half of the 1980s , world silver supplies and consumption are now nearly in balance , Mr. Demler says . 
Blockbuster shares closed yesterday at $ 18.75 , down $ 1.125 , in New York Stock Exchange trading . 
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . '' 
Enforcers ca n't put charities out of business simply because they spend the lion 's share of their income on fund raising . 
But the warranty on simpler parts would be lowered to two years or 24,000 miles . 
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % . 
Gov. George Deukmejian and key legislators agreed to back a temporary one-quarter-cent increase in the state sales tax to raise $ 800 million for repairs and relief associated with last month 's earthquake . 
Mr. Johnson has been a managing director at Shearson Lehman Hutton since 1985 , and before that was president of Public Strategies , a Washington consulting firm . 
Mr. Gebhard adds that spending on environmental red tape amounts to between 6.5 % and 7.5 % of Impco 's total operating expenses . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3416.81 , up 
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million . 
As part of the upscale push , Kidder is putting brokers through a 20-week training course , turning them into `` investment counselors '' with knowledge of corporate finance . 
They needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts . 
Because the Sago is relatively rare and grows only a couple of inches a year , it 's a pricey lawn decoration : A two-foot tall Sago can retail for $ 1,000 , and taller ones often fetch $ 3,000 or more . 
In passing the window , Senorita Elvira gives them a smile -- simply out of habit . 
`` The defensive options are limited , '' says Philippe Braye , a partner in portfolio management concern France Finance Quatre . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . '' 
Fueling a controversy that has been simmering for years , the Census Bureau also said its figures would look far rosier if it recalculated the poverty threshold using an improved consumer-price measure adopted in 1983 . 
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast-growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion . 
The close was the highest since August 3 . 
Occidental Petroleum 's third-quarter net income rose 2.9 % to $ 108 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 105 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The bid is part of Sir James Goldsmith 's unfriendly takeover attempt for B.A.T Industries PLC , the British tobacco , retailing , paper and financial-services giant that acquired Farmers last year for $ 5.2 billion . 
But she did n't trust them and did n't reward trust . 
And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos from the premises . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items climbed 27 % to # 143.4 million from # 112.5 million , with earnings per share rising to 85.1 pence ( $ 1.35 ) from 79.4 pence ( $ 1.26 ) . 
East Germany 's leadership vowed swift action to ease travel to the West . 
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume-filled coal mine . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Impact of the Oct. 17 San Francisco earthquake , which will be recorded in the fourth quarter , is n't expected to exceed $ 50 million after taxes , the company added . 
Up to 500,000 Somalis have escaped to the relative safety of Marxist Ethiopia because of the behavior of President Barre 's troops . 
LIN said it expects to borrow the money to pay the dividend , but commitments from banks still have n't been obtained . 
Thus , rather than seeing the excess returns to the pro-selected portfolio as being abnormal , I see those returns as simply compensations for taking on added risk . 
Mitsui expects the antibiotic products to be exported to Southeast Asia and Africa . 
In Frankfurt , which only has a two-hour daily stock-trading session even in the best of times , stocks did n't open for the first 45 minutes because of order imbalances that brokers blame on a wave of sell orders from small investors . 
Sperry ultimately was eliminated from the competition without receiving the work . 
From then on , the Dow industrials held at a loss of 40 to 50 points . 
The start of a weeklong conference by the IG Metall metal worker union in Berlin is drawing attention to the impending wage negotiations , which could boost companies ' personnel costs next year , they said . 
Hunter wants to concentrate its resources on the insurance business and on a project to store hazardous wastes in salt domes . 
The issue has also cost Federal management a lot of good will among its old pilots . 
But they also are to see that taxpayers get all allowable tax benefits and to ask if filers who sought IRS aid were satisfied with it . 
Yesterday 's edition provided analysts ' estimates for the company when actual earnings were available . 
Whittle is spending $ 150 million initially to launch the network . 
With a six-shooter in one hand and bourbon in the other . 
But a majority of the board , which includes three members from the Australian company , overrode him . 
Among other things , Mr. Bologna said that the sale will facilitate Gen-Probe 's marketing of a diagnostic test for acquired immune deficiency syndrome , or AIDS . 
However , for many , managing speed does not come naturally . 
The Goodman is offering a modernized version of Moliere 's `` The Misanthrope '' through Nov. 4 . 
Mr. Maynard says the ruling pushed his company into bankruptcy court . 
The company put up `` virtually all '' of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 
Did I buy it ? 
The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they did n't . 
But some are skeptical of the code 's effectiveness . 
Mr. Tomlin , among other things , illegally provided Mr. Lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give Sperry an unfair advantage in the competition , the documents said . 
In the U.S. , one-fifth of the office PCs are hooked up to some sort of network . 
`` There is risk that is not associated with market moves , and the beta does n't tell you the magnitude of that . '' 
Balmy temperatures are forecast for next week , said Robert Lekberg , an analyst at Farmers Grain & Livestock Corp. , Chicago . 
What is greatness ? 
Despite the strong case for stocks , however , most pros warn that individuals should n't try to profit from short-term developments . 
And while Sotheby 's chief rivals in the art world , private art dealers , `` wo n't be happy to hear it , '' she adds , `` a number of { the artworks } have already been sold , and at a substantial profit . '' 
Analysts ' expectations suggest a September current account deficit of # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.54 billion ) , compared with August 's # 2.0 billion deficit . 
The wholesale price index stood at 89.6 ( 1985 equals 100 ) . 
Ogilvy 's chairman , Kenneth Roman , is leaving to take a top post at American Express . 
After years of relative obscurity , he is starting to attract notice for the ecological as well as the aesthetic quality of his architecture . 
In addition , special bidding rules give the bank 's former owner , Leonardo Ty , the right to match the highest bid . 
Probably , it did n't . 
The companies said Dow Elanco will be the largest research-based agricultural concern in North America , with projected first-year revenue of $ 1.5 billion . 
Brand imagery plays a significant role in loyalty to such products as cigarettes , perfume and beer . 
He added that the cost for stress-related compensation claims is about twice the average for all injury claims . 
One research institute calculated that as much as 67 % of corporate-owned land is held by 403 companies -- and that as little as 1.5 % of that is used for business . 
BroadBeach Associates Inc. , the Los Angeles investment partnership whose $ 62-a-share bid for McGill Manufacturing Co. was topped recently by a competing offer from a Swedish concern , disclosed that it sold its entire 7 % McGill stake . 
Three new books make the point that one large price of the glittery college-sports show can be the integrity of the schools that stage it . 
At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full-bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule . 
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software . 
It did n't work . 
`` But , '' he added , `` we have had that exact same perception six times in the last six years . '' 
The program expires April 27 . 
But the strike has n't gone on long enough for Boeing to lose business in any real sense . '' 
'' In such circumstances , free-speech interests outweighed the interests of the copyright owner . 
`` When we started the program six years ago , the use of Filipino was deemed unwise by the predominantly middle class , '' says Lydia Brown , the program 's creator . 
While the discussions between Delmed and National Medical Care have been discontinued , Delmed will continue to supply dialysis products through National Medical after their exclusive agreement ends in March 1990 , Delmed said . 
The deficit was 466 billion lire in August . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange margins for the Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures stood at $ 10,000 a contract for speculators and $ 5,000 for hedgers before Oct. 16 , 1987 ; that day the hedging margin was raised to $ 7,500 . 
Next month , NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays dating from the birth of the universe . 
That 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time-share loans . 
The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months . 
Mr. Asman should make distinctions among Fidel , the army and the Cuban people . 
That is a property right that belongs to the performer . '' 
After eight moves by each side , the board was the same as in a game in which Nigel Short of Great Britain fought the champion to a draw in 1980 . 
When it made the offer , StatesWest declined to disclose details and asked Mesa to do the same . 
I have just returned from France , and the net exchange rate charged on my Visa account was more favorable than I obtained for traveler 's checks in any of the several banks where I converted them . 
The economy , he noted , moves the market , not vice versa . 
And in a separate transaction , Beghin-Say will sell its remaining 25 % interest in A.T.B. , a holding company for international trading assets , to an unspecified unit of Ferruzzi for 258 million francs . 
It did , shaking the apple establishment to its roots . 
Today , there are 77 units , all located in shopping malls . 
The sale of Bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by Toronto-based Olympia & York Developments Ltd. to arrange $ 800 million in bridge financing for Campeau , which disclosed last month that its retailing units , Federated Department Stores Inc. and Allied Stores Corp. , were strapped for cash . 
Upset over the use of what it says are its exclusive trademarks , Hells Angels Motorcycle Corp. is fighting back -- in court . 
That 's another reason { for the Backer Spielvogel job } . 
Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant , ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads . 
Given Democratic frustration with the Reagan victories and Court appointments , the contingency plans in place , and Mr. Bork 's paper trail of vulnerable writings , it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed . 
President Bush insists it would be a great tool for curbing the budget deficit and slicing the lard out of government programs . 
He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50 % of near-term generation capacity , adding : `` We expect to supply a significant share of this market . '' 
He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama 's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier . 
`` We will not go over a certain level , '' said David N. McCammon , Ford 's vice president for finance , at a news conference yesterday in Dearborn , Mich . 
Parliament is expected to discuss next month whether to change the law . 
He 's rich , famous and intelligent , and has the time to do something that not even the federal government will do . 
The figures are at seasonally adjusted annual rates in trillions of dollars . 
DAYTON HUDSON CORP. , Minneapolis , retailer , annual sales of $ 12.2 billion , NYSE , closed seven of its 13 Bay-area Target discount stores and nine of its 20 Mervyn 's department stores because of pending reviews by structural engineers or requests from authorities , who were trying to keep shoppers off the freeways . 
Although Italy 's investigation of whether Olivetti had violated Western export-control rules had previously been made known , this marked the first time the unit and product were named . 
Richard Luehrs , president of the Newport Harbor Area Chamber of Commerce , calls boiler rooms a `` negative we wish we could get rid of . '' 
The charges in the 12-count indictment , which stem from events that allegedly occurred in late 1984 and early 1985 , involve enrollment procedures of six students and the preparation of certain reports , Wilfred said . 
Lawmakers have n't publicly raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras , and President Bush parried the question at a news conference here Saturday , saying only that `` if there 's an all-out military offensive , that 's going to change the equation 180 degrees . '' 
Mr. Gonzalez is not quite a closet supply-side revolutionary , however . 
Ford did n't say how much it might offer for Jaguar , or when . 
Ms. Foster 's indulgence is nothing like the oily , hour-long rubfests enjoyed by spa visitors . 
While the market expects little reaction from news of U.S. durable goods orders , scheduled for release today , participants note that the figures will probably serve to reinforce this bearish sentiment . 
And oh , yes . 
Individuals familiar with the case said that throughout September , defense attorneys were talking with the government in an effort to prevent a trial , but by the end of the month the talks had ended . 
In a statement , Jacques-Francois Martin , director general of Merieux , said the French company is still determined to acquire Connaught . 
`` Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , and customer service and loan representatives , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions and provide them with information about their accounts , '' according to John Kelley , executive vice president and corporate services group manager at First Tennessee . 
The financial-services firm , struggling since summer to avoid a bankruptcy-law filing after missing interest payments on about $ 1 billion of debt , will retain the right to regain the subsidiary . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
`` The bottom line is that it 's healthy to have this kind of sideways activity , especially after a 30 % gain in stock values over the past 12 months . '' 
South Korea 's President Roh addressed a joint House-Senate meeting and urged patience over U.S. demands for the opening of Seoul 's markets to more American goods , saying trade issues would be `` resolved to mutual satisfaction . '' 
`` The market was caught totally the wrong way ... . 
The thrift emphasized that it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy-outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million . 
You can , too , if you , like me , refuse to bite the bullet . 
The Nasdaq Insurance Index jumped 4.15 to 529.32 on the day , while the barometer of big insurance and banking issues climbed 1.72 to 455.29 . 
It is rumored to be bound for a new model in the luxury Acura line in the U.S. , but Honda officials would n't comment . 
`` For them , it makes all kinds of sense . 
Excluding the British snack-food business acquired in July , snack-food international tonnage jumped 40 % , with sales strong in Spain , Mexico and Brazil . 
Each 5,000 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from Dec. 18 , 1989 , to Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed Oct. 30 . 
The proposed changes , which are scheduled to be announced today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , according to federal officials . 
New Environmentalism probably started in 1962 with the publication of Rachel Carson 's book `` Silent Spring . '' 
TW Services Inc. posted a $ 3.3 million third-quarter net loss , compared with a $ 24.9 million profit , reflecting $ 60 million of expenses related to its much-publicized proposed takeover by Coniston Partners . 
Volume was estimated at 800 million shares , compared with 678 million Tuesday . 
Imports rose sharply in the period , to $ 5.19 billion from $ 4.04 billion a year earlier , a change of 28 % . 
But , in the past 10 days , he has taken a series of body blows to his pride and his reputation that could adversely affect his ability to govern this tumultuous city should he become New York 's first black mayor . 
Ciba-Geigy AG , the big Swiss chemicals company , said that it agreed in a letter of intent with Corning Inc. to acquire Corning 's 50 % share of Ciba Corning Diagnostics Corp. , based in Medfield , Mass . 
Prosecutors in Southern Florida indicted five Panamanians on charges of illegally running arms to Sandinista rebels trying to overthrow the Nicaraguan government of Mr. Somoza . 
Two well-known colleagues who believe Mr. Straszheim was right the first time are David Bostian Jr. and A. Gary Shilling , both of whom run their own New York research firms . 
They are also indirectly subject to approval by the state of New Hampshire , where residents fear soaring rates to pay for the cost of reorganization . 
Mr. Ruby , 39 , said that he had `` an amicable parting '' with Capital Holding and that he has `` a number of ventures in the financial-services area '' under consideration . 
As part of a previously announced transaction , Federal Mogul Corp. has bought approximately 565,000 shares of its common stock from Nortek Inc. at $ 23.50 a share . 
So far as we can see only two persons are behaving with a dignity recognizing the seriousness of the issues : Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan Walters , the counterpoint of the Chancellor 's difficulties , who also resigned as personal adviser to Mrs. Thatcher . 
Mrs. Marcos 's attorney in New York , Sandor Frankel , declined to comment on the ruling . 
However , unacceptable though those occurrences may have been , they still provide no excuse for wholesale departures from truth . 
Computer Associates International Inc. , Garden City , N.Y. , and Digital Equipment Corp. said they agreed to jointly develop software to help manage Digital 's Vax computers . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
U.S. Cycling Federation official Philip Milburn says mountain biking is `` growing at such a monstrous rate that a lot of companies are getting into this . '' 
The champion apparently was not worried at all about D.T. 's strong points . 
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms . 
What kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who 've read all this and know what can happen if they fail ? 
Mr. Chan talks optimistically of expanding , maybe even moving into the import-export field . 
LIT Holdings shares plummeted 36 pence to close at 54 pence ( 85 cents ) , a 40 % drop , on London 's stock exchange . 
Results declined , however , in Sun 's refining and marketing and coal businesses . 
But two weeks ago , Sotheby 's said that it has the painting under lock and key because the loan had not been fully repaid . 
The September 87 % operating rate compared with a rate of 101 % in August but was unchanged from a year earlier . 
Employers must deposit withholding taxes exceeding $ 3,000 within three days after payroll -- or pay stiff penalties -- and that 's a big problem for small businesses . 
The state attorney general 's office filed suit against five New York brokerage firms , charging them with responsibility for much of a $ 200 million loss incurred by the state treasurer 's office in 1987 . 
The owners , William and Margie Hammack , are luckier than many others . 
Mr. Sanford was told Mr. Noriega 's friend , Mr. Wittgreen , would be handling the shah 's security . 
`` This is a very tenacious ghost , '' Mr. Warren says darkly . 
The original owners happily repaid the claim and took their kylix home . 
And truck sales also are off more than 20 % . 
Finding God 
Dr. Andrew McBride , city health director , said his staff suspects the hepatitis , which can be highly contagious , was spread by the cafeteria worker with the virus . 
Along with `` Show Boat , '' `` Great Performances '' kicks off its new season with this Lincoln Center production of Thornton Wilder 's best known play , in which the role of the small-town Stage Manager is given a hip twist by performance artist Spalding Gray . 
The book is patronizing about this nouveau riche struggle for respectability , which has its tawdry aspects . 
Sen. Alan Dixon ( D , Ill. ) , chairman of the subcommittee on consumer and regulatory affairs , said , `` I 'm not a statistician . 
The increased dividend will be paid Dec. 14 to holders of record Nov. 15 . 
Now he is writing a book , serving on an elite foreign policy advisory board and consulting for an array of corporate clients , including British publishing mogul Robert Maxwell . 
`` Going into the fourth quarter the sales comparison will be more difficult , '' predicted restaurant analyst Howard Hansen of Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
`` I expect to see the demand exceed supply for Fujis for the next 10 to 15 years , '' he adds . 
If they ca n't secure immediate passage of a capital-gains plan , administration officials also are n't ruling out making a deal with Congress to put off a vote until a firm date in the future , even next year . 
The conceptual base -- a criminal-justice approach -- is the same that I have worked through before , in the Nixon administration when I was budget director and secretary of the treasury with jurisdiction over the Customs . 
Misery Loves Company 
`` I 'm sure they 'll formulate a reform that will be a recipe for the GDR 's future as a separately identifiable state , '' says Michael Simmons , a British journalist whose book on East Germany , entitled `` The Unloved Country , '' was published this month . 
It raises the long-cherished hopes of many Germans for reunification -- a prospect that almost equally alarms political leaders in Moscow , Washington and Western Europe . 
`` They either pick it up , '' he says , `` or they start pulling from a fresh direction . '' 
Cincinnati Microwave Inc. said it introduced two radar detectors . 
Ekco Group Inc. , Nashua , N.H. , expects to report that net income in the third quarter , ended Oct. 1 , fell 50 % to 60 % from $ 2.1 million , or 11 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Of the 4,345 stocks that changed hands , 1,174 declined and 1,040 advanced . 
Pretoria releases the ANC leaders , most of whom were serving life sentences , and allows them to speak freely , hoping that the ANC will abandon its use of violence . 
The bank , which previously said it was for sale , said it has received no offers and that its board will review whether to continue soliciting bids . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
a - Monthly construction contract values are reported on an annualized , seasonally adjusted basis . 
Transport rates wo n't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy . '' 
Consider the troubling dissonance between Mr. Shevardnadze 's speech of confession this week and the hang-tough defense of everyone concerned with the Iran-Contra affair . 
`` A lot of people would like to go back to 1970 , '' before program trading , he said . 
But the researchers found that while children 's household tasks eased the mother 's burden appreciably , the husband 's helping hand `` appears to lighten the children 's load almost on a one-for-one basis and to reduce the wife 's responsibility only modestly . '' 
Dictaphone went ahead and introduced the pico in 1985 , but it has n't sold well . 
Global offshore-rig use shows a similar upward trend . 
Pittston Co. 's third-quarter net income plunged 79 % , reflecting the impact of a prolonged and bitter labor strike at its coal operations . 
Associate member seats currently are quoted at $ 225,000 bid , $ 256,000 asked . 
Already the firm has paid $ 211,666 of the fine , the suit said , and it will have to liquidate additional assets in order to pay the rest . 
In a letter Monday to Mr. Saltzburg , the judge said he would `` reluctantly '' accept the resignation . 
`` We said : ` We 've got a product : if you want it , you can buy it , ' '' he says , adding : `` Now we 're figuring out what people need , and are going back to make it . '' 
They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions made , an analysis of its deficiencies and limitations , the impact on national security , and the best strategy for working around these limitations . 
The DAX index fell 15.85 to end at 1507.37 . 
The only industry sector to report more business failures for the nine months was the finance , insurance and real-estate sector , where bankruptcies grew 8.1 % to 2,046 from 1,892 . 
Still , investors will take some convincing before they get back into IBM 's stock in a big way . 
If they do good credit analysis , they will avoid the hand grenades . 
But a much smaller mutual fund company , the USAA Investment Management Co. unit of USAA , San Antonio , Texas , said it informed nine national brokerage firms it will cease business with them unless they stop index-arbitrage trading . 
In fact , it 's barely begun for Mr. Corry , who faces tough decisions before he has had a chance to get settled into his new job . 
What next for the crusty FBI agent with the heart of gold ? 
While the promises of big profits ought to set off warning bells , they often do n't , in part because get-rich-quick tales have become embedded in American folklore . 
What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil finally lives up to the potential of the world 's eighth largest economy or keeps living up to its other , less enviable title : that of the developing world 's largest debtor , teetering on the brink of hyperinflation , mired in deficits and stagnation , with huge economic inequalities and social discontent boiling under the surface . 
The UAL news had already caused a selling furor in the so-called third market , in which firms buy and sell stock away from the exchange floor . 
Some men stay , their best friend a bottle of vodka , but two million acres have gone fallow . 
Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . 
A National Guard job assumed by Capt. Noriega in 1964 -- as chief of the transit police in David City , capital of the Chiriqui Province -- was tailor-made for an aspiring super-spy . 
`` It raises questions about more deep-seated problems , the budget deficit and the trade deficit and the seeming lack of ability to come to grips with them . '' 
The size of the company 's board has been reduced to eight directors from 13 . 
A U.S. counterterrorism official said experts are studying the Israeli list . 
`` October is a big rollover month and perhaps they anticipate greater demand ... among people leaving the stock market . '' 
Dow Jones industrials 2659.22 , off 3.69 ; transportation 1210.70 , off 25.96 ; utilities 215.04 , off 0.31 . 
Already , the fight has been costly . 
As times get tougher , investors fret about whether companies will have enough money to pay their debts . 
Turkey has been fighting its past for years , and thus far has been only partially successful . 
ROSS STORES INC. , Newark , discount apparel chain , annual sales $ 576 million , two of 28 stores in Bay Area closed , both could open as early as today . 
Wisconsin Toy Co. said it definitively agreed to acquire closely held Everything 's a Dollar Inc. of Virginia Beach , Va. , for stock currently valued at about $ 4.7 million . 
The technology group is also split between large companies and small , with the biggest stocks trading as blue-chip issues in the institutional marketplace , while the smaller stocks churn on their individual merits or faults , analysts say . 
Jewelry displays in department stores were often cluttered and uninspired . 
We 're looking for something that grows faster and sells at a comparable { price-earnings } multiple . '' 
The jury will resolve the claims against McDonnell Douglas , Northwest 's claim that a defect in the aircraft caused the crash , and McDonnell Douglas ' claim that the plane was improperly flown . 
The main issues remaining are how to calculate damages and whether the infringement was `` willful and deliberate . '' 
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto . 
Others say they feel confident that steps they 've already taken would see them through a disaster . 
Traders , however , are quick to point out that while there is little enthusiasm for buying dollars , the U.S. unit has found a `` natural bottom '' at about 1.85 marks and 140 yen . 
All but two of the 40 or so lawsuits that have been filed since the project 's 1984 approval have been dismissed before the trial stage . 
Its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $ 52 million a year in interest on cash-deferred , or zero-coupon debentures -- which ultimately would have had to be paid . 
Mr. Simmons declined to comment , and the White House said the congressmen 's letter is under review . 
Among those Mr. Wohlstetter said he has been talking to are Sanford Weill of Primerica Corp. , which is the parent of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. ; GTE Corp. 's James Johnson , and ITT Corp. 's Rand Araskog . 
But such caution is no guarantee against mistakes . 
All estimates exclude highway repair , which could exceed $ 1 billion . 
He will succeed Harry L. Freeman , 57 , who has said he will retire in December . 
Inland Chairman Frank W. Luerssen said the company 's short-term outlook is `` clouded by uncertainties in the economy and financial markets . '' 
It is n't yet clear whether the 200-ruble limit will be lifted . 
This time , `` We do n't have that at all . '' 
The government , in turn , guaranteed financing to complete the order backlog and took control of the board . 
In addition , Mr. Alexander said , the worm sends strange messages to other machines at the center -- such as , `` George Orwell was an optimist , '' or `` Do n't feed the bats tonight . '' 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : 
On July 2 , 1987 , the tanker S.S. Glacier Bay struck a rock and spilled almost 150,000 gallons of oil into the Cook Inlet . 
The reserves dropped for the first time in recent years , to $ 14 billion in June from $ 19 billion in April . 
2 . Even where the Fed did not share this view it felt the need to accommodate to it . 
The two West German electronics concerns said they have set up European Power Semiconductor Co. to merge their activities in the field . 
Unfortunately , all those estimates came before airline industry fundamentals deteriorated during the past month . 
James F. Gero , former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members . 
Foreign Bonds 
Currently , Falcon has about 750,000 cable-television subscribers around the nation ; the company 's cable-television unit reported 1988 revenue of about $ 100 million . 
The buy-back , which was n't a complete surprise , was announced after the stock market had closed . 
Mr. Secord 's performance was decidedly less inspiring . 
`` The profit locking-in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co . 
She also frequently invites directors , producers , actors , writers and other show business people for `` coffee and clips in the pleasure dome . '' 
The software conversion costs would dwarf any savings . '' 
He could develop the beach through a trust , but instead is trying have his grandson become a naturalized Mexican so his family gains direct control . 
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card . 
One person familiar with Georgia-Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion . 
In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto\/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year . 
The appeals court also said , `` We think an ordinary businessman reading this policy would have believed himself covered for the demands and potential damage claims '' stemming from any cleanup . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , Bankers Trust Co. and Mellon Capital Management are among the top stock-index arbitrage clients of Wall Street , trading executives say . 
And , with no other offers on the table , the board apparently felt no pressure to act on it . 
The timing of his visit was fortuitous ; the man who had brought it in for an estimate had returned to collect it and was waiting in the hall . 
Breweries attracted investors because of their land property holdings that could figure in development or other plans , traders said . 
`` But people do n't buy anything on expectation anymore , '' says Jack Utter , who manages the high-yield fund of IDS Financial Services . 
The nation 's savings rate was unchanged in September at 4.9 % of after-tax income , far below the 5.6 % it reached in July . 
The executive producer of `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' Andrew Lack , declines to discuss re-creactions as a practice or his show , in particular . 
The latest two-year notes were quoted late at 100 28\/32 to yield 7.84 % . 
Kodak says its new CCD HDTV converter will help alleviate the problem by allowing programmers and broadcasters to convert movies and television programs shot in 35mm motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
The commission said that EC television producers lost `` important market shares '' and suffered an `` unsustainable '' pressure on prices because of the Korean companies ' marketing and pricing policies , which it said were `` in clear violation '' of international trade rules . 
Inland Steel Industries Inc. , battered by lower volume and higher costs , posted a 75 % drop in third-quarter earnings . 
The woman appeared in court Thursday to enter her plea , but when she started to approach the bench , she was stopped by Judge Hancock . 
After placing orders to sell , Mr. Freeman called Martin Siegel , an investment banker at Kidder , Peabody & Co. , who was advising on the deal , to confirm these rumors . 
Since those bonds already pay a slightly higher yield , an extra premium for the earthquake risk , they were n't materially affected . 
Net income rose to $ 97.9 million , or $ 1.15 a share , from $ 50.5 million , or 60 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The company has filed an internal reorganization plan it valued at $ 2.2 billion that would require 5.5 % rate increases . 
But he said Turner Broadcasting already has found some ideas that might work well as films for theatrical release in the U.S. . 
Vincent Jolivet Kenmore , Wash . 
BUELL INDUSTRIES Inc. halved its quarterly dividend to five cents a share , payable Nov. 17 to stock of record Nov. 3 . 
Third , the theory suggests why legislators who pay too much attention to national policy making relative to local benefit-seeking have lower security in office . 
But he said a system such as IBM 's should help significantly . 
Foreign Bonds 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
`` In a downward market , bonds act better , '' he said . 
It said it filed an action of its own in federal court in San Jose , Calif. , seeking a declaration that Quickview 's claims are invalid . 
`` Thomson took a called strike , '' Mr. Engelken recounts . 
Although `` it 's still difficult to raise money for a pure wildcat program , '' says William Thomas , a Texas Commerce Bank official in Houston , `` institutions are starting to see there are cycles to these things , and this one is beginning to turn . '' 
`` They seem to like these industrial parks , '' says Kacy McClelland , a postal inspector who specializes in mail fraud . 
Experts on California tort law say protections afforded government agencies in such cases are pretty ironclad . 
He says his aim is to reach people who are bedridden , have no access to transportation , ca n't find a lawyer to take their case or simply ca n't afford lawyers ' consultation fees . 
The owners of a 32-acre hotel and office complex in King of Prussia , Pa. , have advertised for new financing . 
( Jaguar 's ADRs make the company one of the most widely held United Kingdom stocks in the U.S. , with more than one-fourth of its shares owned there . ) 
The newspaper could fetch between 15 million and 20 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 12.8 million to $ 17.1 million ) , said one analyst , who asked not to be identified . 
The firm 's new head of mergers and acquisitions under Mr. Newquist , B.J. Megargel , talks of the opportunity to `` rebuild a franchise '' at Kidder . 
He projected it would be operating about 1,000 flights a day by late spring , only slightly fewer than the carrier 's old volume of 1,050 a day . 
Instead of focusing on the financial future , Mr. Dinkins has sold himself as a unifier for a city recently touched by racial violence and as a soothing antidote to 12 years of commotion generated by Mayor Koch . 
In Brussels , which recently spent millions of dollars on a computer-assisted trading system , disgusted traders watched helplessly as a software failure before opening on Manic Monday prevented trading for two days . 
So owners have developed a `` code of ethics , '' outlining rules for consultants and agents , and disclosure of fees and any conflicts of interest . 
Democracy is making a return with a vengeance to Latin America 's most populous and deeply indebted country . 
Recovery could be hampered if Britain 's major trading partners in Europe , which are enjoying robust economic activity , cool off as expected in late 1990 and 1991 . 
The ozone layer is constantly in motion and thus very hard to measure . 
Chief Inspector Peter Seacomb of the Criminal Investigation Department at the airport said , `` It is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted . '' 
AT&T gave a 5 % to 10 % discount to the Memphis , Tenn. , company that oversees Holiday Inns , in response to a similar discount offered to Holiday Corp. by MCI Communications Corp . 
They would both give part of their combined $ 50 million in common equity in SCI TV to holders of SCI TV 's $ 488 million of junk bonds , as a carrot to persuade them to accept new bonds that might reduce the value of their claims on the company . 
They would not solve the problem ; they would make it worse . 
That 's because the cost of buying put options eats into an investor 's profit when stock prices rise . 
It makes sense from a strategic standpoint . '' 
`` People come to us saying they 'd like to be back where they were a few years ago , in a more collegial atmosphere , with less tension , '' says Stephen Waterhouse , managing director of Hanover Partners Ltd. , a financial district head-hunting firm . 
About $ 550 million of long-term debt is affected , according to Moody 's . 
Nissan handled the die-hards in a typically Japanese fashion : They were n't fired but instead `` were neglected , '' says Kouji Hori , the personnel manager at the Nissan Technical Center . 
That railroad is operating trains but with delays caused by employees unable to get to work . 
Humana Inc. , Louisville , Ky. , also reported favorable results , with net income of $ 66.7 million , or 66 cents , in the fourth quarter ended Aug. 31 , up from $ 58.2 million , or 59 cents , a year earlier . 
The three offerings together bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.4 billion and its total Remic volume to $ 44.5 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
If a client needs prejudiced jurors , the firm will help find them . 
Another factor to consider : Some of the companies currently earning very high yields are doing so through substantial investment in junk bonds , and you know how nervous the market has been about those lately . 
Because of the interest connected with the issue , the London exchange took the unusual step of letting traders establish an officially sanctioned when-issued market . 
And they are quietly linking up with U.S. publishing trade groups . 
Beghin-Say said the sale will be done in two parts and will raise a total of 2.025 billion francs ( $ 325 million ) . 
Separately , the company 's board adopted a proposal to amend its 1986 shareholder rights plan , further insulating the company from takeover . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 986 million from $ 937 million . 
Officials for Temple declined to comment . 
The governments of Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba have strongly opposed federal regulation of their telephone companies . 
Both will report to Tim Breene , a former WCRS executive who will be chief executive officer at the new agency . 
`` Two years ago , there was a lot of redemption activity and trouble with people getting through on the phone , '' said Kathryn McGrath , head of the investment management division of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
They note that the U.S. unit is trading at the upper end of the presumed target zones established by the Group of Seven trading partners . 
With investment banking as Kidder 's `` lead business , '' where do Kidder 's 42-branch brokerage network and its 1,400 brokers fit in ? 
LDI leases and sells data-processing , telecommunications and other high-tech equipment . 
That 's `` not bad , '' Mr. Sit says , but it sure does n't justify Block shares being priced at 15 to 16 times estimated earnings for fiscal 1990 . 
K mart , based in Troy , Mich. , recently said net income would fall for the third consecutive quarter , after a 16 % drop in the first half of its current fiscal year . 
The limit could range from three years to seven years , depending on the composition of the management team and the nature of its strategic plan . 
Total truck production fell 22 % from a year earlier to 315,546 units . 
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care . 
The department is advising residents to plant Sagos , if they must , in the back yard and telling nurseries to be on the lookout for anyone trying to palm one off . 
But the investors are left stranded with money to reinvest at a time when interest rates are puny . 
Working Woman , with circulation near one million , and Working Mother , with 625,000 circulation , are legitimate magazine success stories . 
Paying off that debt put such a squeeze on Campeau and its stores that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire , including Bloomingdale 's . 
Most of trading action now is from professional traders who are trying to take advantage of the price swings to turn a quick profit , he and other traders said . 
He has not changed , but those around him have . 
Ms. de Vries writes frequently about theater . 
She and some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and `` aroma therapy '' -- massages with scented oils . 
Losses at its Malapai Resources Co . uranium-mining unit narrowed to $ 3.4 million from $ 18 million a year ago , which included a $ 9 million write-down of utility inventories . 
`` Never Too Young '' is a different sort of work , focusing on the 1986 death from cocaine ingestion of Bias , a University of Maryland basketball star ticketed for sure pro stardom . 
Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry : both name J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant . 
In addition , HealthVest said Bank of Tokyo Trust Co. also has notified it of a default and said it might take action to cure the default . 
`` I would be very leery of anything that says if you drink more , you get more . '' 
Once external conditions , such as U.S. demand , swing in the territory 's favor , they argue , local businessmen will probably overcome their 1997 worries and continue doing business as usual . 
Separately , the National Science Foundation is promised a 7.7 % increase to bring its appropriations to $ 2.07 billion . 
Mr. Noriega was growing desperate . 
Indeed , only hours earlier , Mrs. Thatcher had called Mr. Lawson 's economic policies `` sound '' and said she has `` always supported '' him . 
Drug companies lost a major liability case . 
Real estate firms are also using their alliances with financial institutions to amass acquisition funds . 
Harry J. Gray and Melvyn N. Klein , along with five other IMA designees , were named to join American Medical 's 10-member board . 
Grace , a maker of specialty chemicals that already owned about 30 % of closely held Sierra , said it owns a 49 % stake in the new company . 
`` The credit for income taxes is a result of having provided deferred income taxes applicable to the sold assets at the higher income tax rates in effect in prior years , '' the sellers said . 
The oil company claims its yeast system also is better than bacteria at high-volume production of genetically engineered drugs . 
John Wilpers resigned as editor in chief . 
`` Now the interest is in what else can I do with that money . '' 
Mr. Rockefeller , buried beneath a 180-foot-tall granite obelisk , did n't seem right for an ad either . 
`` People think of the steel business as an old and mundane smokestack business , '' says Mr. Iverson . 
Rally 's had no comment , but was expected to make an announcement this morning about the situation . 
It said the reduced dividend reflects the low price for precious metals . 
The earnings drop at GM Hughes Electronics is a sign of tough times at both the defense operations of Hughes Aircraft Co. and GM 's North American automotive operations , which are a primary customer for the Delco Electronics Corp. side of the GM Hughes unit . 
The farmer stands to go . 
The U.S. plan also would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by allowing some countries to convert non-tariff barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 10 years . 
Rex Tremendae 
It will be financed by advertisements from U.S. companies and by simultaneous publication of an English-language journal containing details of Soviet medical advancements . 
For Akzo 's drug business , where profits have shown litle change for the past five years , Mr. Bergsma predicted moderate profit growth . 
Lloyd 's is moving forward on some fronts , though . 
The central charge against Judge Hastings is that he conspired with a Washington lawyer to obtain a $ 150,000 bribe from defendants in a criminal case before the judge , in return for leniency . 
So far , one test of restricting dual trading has worked well . 
That wo n't be an easy task . 
Friday 's 44-cent-a-barrel price drop to $ 19.98 in the expiring November contract for West Texas Intermediate crude may well set the tone for trading this week in petroleum futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
Some analysts say investors will begin paying more attention to earnings , partly in response to the latest round of disappointments . 
Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved . 
Mr. Thompson says his exchange is n't waiting for the results of the Chicago exchanges ' cooperation . 
The offering for the language school unit was announced by Robert Maxwell , chairman and chief executive officer of London-based Maxwell Communication Corp. , which owns Macmillan . 
This involves trade-offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' '' 
But industry officials expressed concern that the initial project might give Fujitsu an edge in winning more lucrative contracts later . 
The educational effort of teaching companies in the natural gas industry how to use the futures to hedge would have to continue for another a year or two , he added . 
`` It has never been interested in what we think . 
Some 70 % of them are to be exported to the U.S. . 
The nervousness about the technology stock outlook also hurt the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which slipped about 1 % . 
The rating agency said it lowered the ratings on $ 75 million of the holding company 's convertible subordinated Eurodebentures to B-3 from B-1 . 
Among other things , economists note that consumer spending is slowing , corporate profit margins are being squeezed , business confidence is slipping and construction and manufacturing industries are depressed . 
Ohbayashi is Japan 's second largest construction company . 
Softer-than-expected orders in early September also played a role , he said in an interview . 
Robin Honiss , president and chief executive officer of this bank holding company , was elected to the additional posts of chairman , president and chief executive of the company 's New England Savings Bank subsidiary . 
A handful of small U.S. firms are refusing to cede the HDTV-screen market to Japanese manufacturers . 
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . '' 
He has never met Lynn Williams , the president of the United Steelworkers union , and is n't active in the industry 's main trade group , the American Iron and Steel Institute , which Mr. Roderick served as chairman . 
Although two Baby Bells showed strong growth in access lines , usage and unregulated business revenue , one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net while the other posted a small drop . 
I think the market is in good shape . 
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says . 
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns . 
She noted that the preliminary estimate of the third-quarter gross national product is due out tomorrow and is expected to be up about 2.5 % to 3 % . 
In fact , it was up 24 . 
Two things to keep in mind : Not all exchanges accept every type of order . 
AT&T said the products , unlike previous generations , will meet so-called Sonet compatability standards , which AT&T expects to be broadly adopted . 
Those investors think SCI TV needs new equity to survive . 
`` It was only a matter of time . '' 
It relies on the fact that certain atoms give off detectable signals when subjected to an intense magnetic field . 
Strategy , however , is about possibilities , not hopes and dreams . 
The Manufacturers Hanover Corp. unit , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan , has asked the court to give its claim priority over that of Minpeco , which won a $ 132 million judgment against Mr. Hunt , his brother Nelson Bunker Hunt and other defendants last year in a case stemming from their alleged attempts to corner the silver market in 
The association said that lack of airport and air space capacity is the biggest problem facing the airline industry . 
Mr. Womack , 53 years old , has been with the big producer of household products , food and pharmaceuticals for 30 years . 
The returns landed in the hands of an Internal Revenue Service criminal investigator , Samuel James Baker . 
The $ 4 billion bond issue also will help the TVA meet its goal of not raising rates for another year , said William F. Malec , the agency 's chief financial officer . 
But another big problem has been the aging of baby boomers . 
The unpopular Mr. Sarney , whose task was to bring about a smooth transition to democracy after 21 years of military rule , is n't seeking re-election . 
More than three-fourths of poor black families were headed by women . 
On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain , beef , eggs and milk , and nine-tenths of its fruit , vegetables and potatoes . 
Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial . 
Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
During the last two hours of trading , the composite almost drew even on the day before slipping again . 
Such steep drops in a category seen as a barometer of business investment would customarily be grave news for the economy . 
USX Corp. and its Japanese partner , Kobe Steel Ltd. , agreed to form a joint venture to build a new plant to produce hot-dipped galvanized sheet products , mainly for the automotive market . 
The company said results were bolstered by upgrades to Release 3 by previous customers and improved profit margins , the result of manufacturing-cost controls . 
Georgia-Pacific closed down $ 2.50 , at $ 50.875 in Big Board trading . 
He 's the senator most like Arthur Vandenberg , the GOP senator from Michigan who worked to forge a bipartisan foreign policy in the 1940s . 
Some analysts are concerned , however , that Banco Exterior may have waited too long to diversify from its traditional export-related activities . 
SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help oversee asset sales and restructure the resorts and media company . 
At June 30 , Webster , which owns First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Waterbury , had assets of $ 699 million . 
They 'll go into someone else 's pasture as long as it 's greener than the one they 're in now . '' 
`` The New Crowd '' by Judith Ramsey Ehrlich and Barry J. Rehfeld ( Little , Brown , 444 pages , $ 19.95 ) , describes the displacing of the old `` our crowd '' Jewish Wall Street banking grandees by such new business barons as Saul Steinberg , Carl Icahn , Sanford Weill and Bruce Wasserstein . 
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis . 
The Oakland Athletics ' four-game sweep over the San Francisco Giants in the World Series may widen already-sizable losses that the ABC network will incur on the current , final year of its baseball contract . 
Costs are giving them a little bit of trouble , and the whole industry is having a pricing problem . '' 
Another reason : Emboldened by their success in helping to scuttle the previous transaction , the machinists are likely to be more aggressive if a second buy-out attempt occurs . 
Thrifts continued to shed assets in August , mainly to comply with stiffer capital rules under the S&L bailout law . 
Now he is mounting the steps of a stucco building in a nearby village , on a visit to the Communist administrator , the `` naczelnik . '' 
THE NORTHEAST office market is feeling serious aftereffects of the giddy overbuilding of the 1980s . 
Investor Asher Edelman increased his stake in Intelogic Trace Inc. and cleared the way for additional purchases . 
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase . 
But there are plenty of other promising prospects at Lake View , promoters believe : Ernest Ball , for instance , who wrote `` When Irish Eyes are Smiling , '' and Garrett Morgan , the inventor of the gas mask and the tri-colored traffic light . 
The bonds are all rated single-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
Then , if the stocks fell sharply , he planned to begin buying them aggressively , on the theory that the companies that insure against property damage and accidents will have to raise rates eventually to compensate for the claims they will pay to earthquake victims and victims of last month 's Hurricane Hugo . 
That acquisition , which also included the assumption of $ 135 million in debt , was designed to allow Georgia-Pacific to capitalize on the strong demand for softwood pulp , as well as reduce its exposure to the housing market . 
However , most universities that have bought the machines say they are buying small numbers for evaluation purposes . 
But its surprising progress so far holds important lessons for companies in trouble . 
It is inhumane to imply that a poor , unemployed woman can not receive immediate relief for her family at fair prices because she does not have as much to protect as a rich family . 
The experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument . 
The most recent sales do n't appear to be option-related , he said . 
Columbia , S.C . 
The airports in San Jose and Oakland were both fully operational by noon yesterday , the Federal Aviation Administration said . 
`` The board felt that the continued payment of our semiannual dividend was inconsistent with recent operating results , '' said Kenneth A. Eldred , president and chief executive officer . 
Intelligence officials to this day worry whether Mr. Noriega sold sensitive information on the recordings to the Cubans or others . 
-- Football player , class unspecified . 
Late yesterday in New York , the dollar rose to 142.75 yen from 141.80 yen Monday , but fell to 1.8667 marks from 1.8685 marks . 
The month-to-month rise in the index was the largest since April , Eurostat said . 
Mr. Paul nods in agreement . 
These claims would be repayable over a 10-year period . 
Mr. Abrams said that Mr. Ortega is seeking to demobilize the Contras prior to the elections to remove any pressure to hold fair elections . 
First Interstate took a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank . 
Also , he and Mr. Stein were ordered to make restitution of $ 35,000 to a customer . 
Known as Easy Eggs , the product has disappointed investors . 
Glossy brochures circulated at racetracks gush about the limelight of the winner 's circle and high-society schmoozing . 
All of the bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P . 
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 . 
Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in earnings between now and 1991 for `` commodity-oriented '' paper companies , which account for the majority of the industry . 
State-controlled Orkem already owns 40.6 % of Coates . 
But on Oct. 6 , he had reason to celebrate . 
Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes , they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25 % to 30 % or so on sales of complete cycles . 
Euro Disneyland shares made a debut like Snow White yesterday while most of the London stock market looked like it had eaten the Evil Queen 's poisoned apple . 
Auto makers , who began deferring some equipment purchases last spring , can be expected to remain cautious about spending if their sales do n't pick up , machine tool builders say . 
CORPORATE DOWNSIZING digs deeper . 
And among domestic programs , the most serious threat is White House opposition to abortion riders attached to separate bills funding the District of Columbia and Department of Health and Human Services . 
In September 1988 , Eagle acquired Biny Clothing Inc. , a closely held New York chain operated under the Bonds name . 
`` A loss of the warning symptoms of hypoglycemia is a complex problem that is very unlikely to be due simply to the type of insulin used , '' the American association said . 
And in a footnote to the fall of House Speaker James Wright this year , the conference voted to rescind $ 11.8 million in unspent EDA funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , stockyards project that figured in ethics charges against the former Democratic leader . 
Mr. Swavely said the new space will allow Compaq to increase the manufacturing capacity of its plant in Erskine , Scotland . 
It suddenly dawns on Mr. Hammack that rebuilding the house in Los Gatos , an affluent community in Santa Clara County , may cost more than Aetna 's policy will pay . 
Moreover , if the Fed holds tight , it may be able gradually to reduce inflation , moving toward the zero-inflation goal that the Fed chairman embraced in testimony to Congress last week . 
A.P. Green currently has 2,664,098 shares outstanding . 
Warner also had a gain of more than 13 % from records and music publishing , even though the domestic record business was sluggish this summer . '' 
Conner already is shipping its new drives . 
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage-securities trust it created for Japanese investors . 
He is n't sure a recession is coming , but says the other likely alternative -- reignited inflation -- is just as bad . 
`` He makes snap judgments , '' says Kiyotaka Kori , the art gallery 's manager and Mr. Morishita 's secretary for more than seven years . 
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday . 
Unisys said that should help it save $ 500 million a year in costs , again at the high end of the previously reported range of $ 400 million to $ 500 million . 
They 'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day , and they 'd regulate the storage facilities . 
The company 's turnaround is far from complete ; many crucial tests are just beginning . 
Bond Corp. has interests in brewing , media and communications , natural resources and property . 
At Fidelity 's office in downtown Boston , Gerald Sherman walked in shortly after 7:30 a.m. and placed an order to switch his retirement accounts out of three stock funds and into a money market fund . 
But , in the same circumstances , the returns would be a more extreme 14.6 % and 2.6 % for the Vanguard Bond Market Fund , with its 12 1\/2-year average maturity . 
Consolidated Freightways Inc. reported a 77 % drop in third-quarter net income , citing expected losses in its Emery Worldwide shipping business . 
Analyst James Weil of the Soundview Financial Group believes Dell 's response has been to place increased emphasis on product quality , `` in an effort to rise above some of that price pressure . '' 
He has too readily swallowed the case for the activist law school culture . 
Ethicist Michael Josephson , in one of his institute 's recent publications on `` Journalism : In the Year 2000 '' : 
This exercise would reveal the true cost of a particular program by forcing the strategists to make hard decisions . 
Roderick D. Reed III , who was also chief operating officer of FirstSouth , could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine . 
Dow Jones industrials 2638.73 , off 18.65 ; transportation 1254.27 , off 49.96 ; utilities 214.54 , off 0.19 . 
Dealing with the sales this month could be particularly challenging because almost every problem that has hobbled the program in the past is popping up again . 
If start-ups ca n't have early access to research being conducted at institutions , `` we have to replicate it ourselves or do without the research , '' says Ruth Emyanitoff , manager of business development at Applied bioTechnology Inc. , a Cambridge , Mass. , concern . 
His hand on the monetary tiller seems one reason why the economy next month seems highly likely to begin an unprecedented eighth year of peacetime growth without a recession . 
Compared to the Red Delicious , the exemplar of apple pulchritude , the Fuji is decidedly more dowdy -- generally smaller , less-perfectly shaped , greenish , with tinges of red . 
Among other things , the Agriculture Department is widely thought to be mulling whether to subsidize the sale of soybean oil to the Soviet Union . 
Everyone looked calm , but there was this surreal low level of confusion as the aftershocks continued . 
Dumez said group profit after payments to minority interests rose to 252 million francs ( $ 40.1 million ) from 148 million a year earlier . 
Bush said Washington would continue a trade embargo against Nicaragua , declaring that the Central American country poses `` an unusual and extraordinary threat '' to the security of the U.S. . 
`` If Flynn had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 1 million lower , '' says Mr. Rambo , noting that Flynn 's house has been bulldozed , and only the swimming pool remains . 
Leaping into rages , sinking into bouts of drunkenness and mistrust , Mr. Noriega has put to death some 70 of his troops involved in the coup , according to U.S. officials monitoring crematoriums and funeral parlors in Panama City . 
Computer Associates International Inc. reported earnings for the second quarter , ended Sept. 30 , plummeted 66 % , primarily because of the acquisition of Cullinet Software Inc . 
That reassessment resulted in continuing asset sales , as well as write-offs exceeding A$ 1.1 billion last fiscal year . 
Ford managed to show a profit for the quarter primarily because of earnings from overseas auto operations and financial services . 
`` The computer 's mind is too straight , too primitive , '' lacking the intuition and creativity needed to reach the top , he said . 
Central 's assets are $ 240 million . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
Mr. Blodgett , the boiler-room veteran , believes that for many investors , the get-rich-quick scams carry a longed-for element of excitement . 
The Fuji , to be sure , has blemishes too . 
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines . 
And while the job is half done , Brooks is still bitter . 
The cycle has been repeated several times since China began reforming its planned economy in 1979 . 
But if it survives , it could prompt other statutory changes , according to the Mr. Burr . 
One recruiter working with Mr. Meyer was so generous with $ 10 and $ 20 bills that prospects sang `` Here Comes Santa Claus '' when he approached . 
When a Louisville woman complained that a ghost was haunting her attic , Mr. Baker discovered a rat dragging a trap across the rafters . 
The magazines , also ad-supported , will be distributed in more than 10,000 doctors ' offices , clinics , and health centers in Hispanic and largely Hispanic communities . 
And cultivating a luxury image strong enough to persuade consumers to pay more than $ 15 for lipstick or eye makeup requires a subtle touch that packaged-goods companies have yet to demonstrate on their own . 
And just last week , Defense Secretary Dick Cheney gave a strong speech listing `` compelling reasons '' to push ahead with SDI and saying he 'd urge President Bush to veto a defense bill with `` inadequate '' funding for the program . 
Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism . 
Aside from the special charge , Amoco 's results were in line with Wall Street estimates . 
It would n't identify the bankers . 
Even some takeover-stock traders said they could n't quarrel with the board 's logic . 
A spokesman said its purpose is `` to bolster the impression that NBC Sports is always there for people . '' 
Valhi said the articles did n't accurately reflect Valhi and its affiliates ' intentions toward Lockheed . 
The life-insurance holding company said the sale would result in an after-tax gain of about $ 32 million , or $ 3.09 a share , in the first quarter of 
Paramount Communications Inc. , New York , completed the sale of its Associates Corp. consumer and commercial finance subsidiary to a unit of Ford Motor Co. for $ 3.35 billion . 
A one-time noncontract full-page advertisement in The Wall Street Journal national edition will cost $ 99,385 . 
Longer term , the impact is unclear . 
One night both Marshall 's ghost and the shah 's ghost together caught Cap and threw him to the ground . 
They peck away at the 1 1\/2-mile section of rubble , searching for more of the 250 people thought to have died here . 
`` Infiniti is Nissan 's big business move for the 21st century , and we 're in no hurry to generate large profits right away , '' Mr. Oka says . 
The most-strident anti-outsider sentiment among bankers comes from the Independent Bankers Association of Texas , although it 's hard to tell from previews of the $ 5 million `` The I 's of Texas '' TV campaign . 
`` It 's just a matter of time before the tide turns , '' says one Midwestern lobbyist . 
Instead , the press corps readily accepted the notion that a snag in the takeover financing of United Airlines instantly knocked 7 % off the value of the nation 's capital stock and caused convulsions around the world . 
The remainder of the debt will be exchanged for new Costa Rican bonds with a 6 1\/4 % interest rate . 
The good news -- to fans of stable credit , at least -- is what the rejection says about the state of mind of junk buyers . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
`` By their nature , our trades are very short-term and are going to create high turnover , '' Mr. Carder adds . 
In 1988 , the company earned $ 1.38 a share . 
It arrived just as the regulator handling such operations was retiring . 
On the other hand , they make sure at a minimum that their systems are described in their employee handbooks and talked up by personnel specialists . 
Carmine Grigoli , chief market strategist for First Boston , who still says , `` We expect the Dow average { to be at } 3000 by mid-1990 , '' nonetheless foresees a sluggish economy in the meantime . 
He points to a letter on his desk , his second in a week from President Bush , saying that they `` do n't disagree . '' 
Suppliers and subcontractors are experiencing heightened pressure to support delivery schedules . 
NESB is also the parent of Omnibank . 
But given the political importance of California , the administration was content to use its influence to prevent any Senate amendments adding further new appropriations . 
The company took a $ 20 million charge in the fiscal first quarter ended April 29 , related to discontinuing the service . 
`` The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , '' says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures . 
Promises Feng-hsiung Hsu : `` In three years we 'll mount a better challenge . '' 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Central Fund was unchanged at $ 4.6875 a share . 
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion . 
Valley National 's slide of 5 3\/4 points to 18 1\/2 on 4.2 million shares followed its report late Wednesday of a $ 72.2 million third-quarter loss . 
We do not depend on pharmaceutical companies for our support . 
According to a detailed report by Zbigniew Bochniarz of the University of Minnesota 's Hubert Humphrey Institute , 27 areas containing a third of Poland 's population are regarded as `` ecological hazards '' due to multiple violations of standards . 
Among the takeover-related stocks that sold off yesterday were Disney , which closed down 2 1\/8 to 121 1\/4 . 
Mattel attributed the jump in quarter net to strong world-wide sales of its Barbie doll , Hot Wheels cars , Disney toys and other well-known toy lines . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Rymer closed yesterday at $ 10.875 , down 12.5 cents . 
One company recently was listed on the New York Stock Exchange , and another will join the Big Board from the over-the-counter market this week . 
He could not be reached for comment . 
When Mr. Fazio offered the California-backed $ 3.84 billion plan , Mr. Whitten insisted that the full 14 pages be read aloud by the panel 's clerk to underscore the range of legislative changes also sought by the delegation . 
The industry executives said that , as usual with such broad announcements from IBM , this one will be part reality and part strategy . 
Mr. Coats plans to offer his proposal as an amendment to a bill to raise the federal debt limit before the end of the month . 
The going rate for a small personal computer that costs about $ 2,000 in the West is anywhere from 50,000 to 100,000 rubles . 
I think this repeal was kind of a thoughtless action , as a matter of fact ... . 
The rebel officer 's slow and painful death , at the headquarters of Panama 's Battalion-2000 squad , was personally supervised by Gen. Noriega , says a U.S. official with access to intelligence reports . 
But then it turned out that President Siad Barrah was not at all a nice person and the Navy pointed out that the base he promised us in Berbera had silted up about a hundred years ago and anyway was 1,244 miles from the mouth of the Gulf . 
It seems that every day a new movie opens featuring a child coping with a mother 's death , or adoption , or aging parents , or pregnancy . 
The Merkur cars also suffered from spotty quality , some dealers say . 
In two other cases , the possible consequences of the Supreme Court ruling appear even more unintended . 
At least , it would not have happened without the support of monetary policy that provided for a 10-fold increase in the money supply during the same period . 
`` Galileo is on its way to another world in the hands of the best flight controllers in this world , '' Atlantis Commander Donald Williams said . 
The campaign replaces its `` Take Comfort in Cotton '' ads and marks the end of its national cooperative advertising efforts . 
`` The fact that they did four-day matched sales means they are not in a mood to ease aggressively . 
When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season , 730 responded . 
The result is that those rich enough to own any real estate at all have boosted their holdings substantially . 
The editor also says the new producer on the film , Bruce Baird , told editors to screen the picture without telling stars Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell or Mr. Peters . 
`` Before the sun sets on the '80s , it seems nothing will be left unhocked . '' 
In 1953 , James Watson and his colleagues unlocked the double helix of DNA ( deoxyribonucleic acid ) , the genetic key to heredity . 
Also approved was a plan to trade stock portfolios by computer after regular hours on the Midwest Stock Exchange . 
The company did n't specify reasons for the strong earnings gain . 
In a matter of minutes , she was back , with a tall , silver-haired man in tow . 
Dr. Teich said Searle is `` the only company I know that voluntarily '' will make consumer information available . 
The share repurchase will be funded mostly from borrowings . 
Oakland officials were still uncertain about the magnitude of structural damage late yesterday ; a section of I-880 , a twotiered highway , collapsed in Oakland , causing a majority of the deaths resulting from the quake . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Sony also said two more suits have been filed opposing the company 's agreement to buy Columbia . 
Unlike the Maronites , Israel 's Jews will not let themselves become the weakest force in a system of private armies ; Jerusalem will become Belfast before it becomes Beirut . 
Although Mr. Brawer 's appointment as president was long expected , the move on Sept. 25 precipitated the resignation of Alan Lesk as senior vice president of sales and merchandising . 
Revenues rose 8.8 % to $ 4.35 billion from $ 4.0 billion . 
But when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen . 
`` They 're buying whatever 's cheaper . '' 
Bofors says it ca n't disclose the names of the middlemen because it would jeopardize industrial confidentiality . 
Fresenius , a West German pharmaceutical concern , has been discussing a transaction in which it would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % . 
In this atmosphere , there would be no serious consideration of tax increases . 
However , Mr. Steinhardt says he 's `` comfortable holding USAir as an investment . '' 
The firm has made 17 previous shifts from one type of asset to another in its 10-year history . 
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions . 
The sky filled with 12.8-pound shells , several of which fell back to Earth , destroying homes and buildings . 
Cie. de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie. Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . 
The energy of participating investors streamed into Tokyu Group shares , pushing prices of its companies up across the board . 
National Semiconductor Corp. and a start-up named Ramtron Corp. plan to start shipping so-called ferroelectric memories , which can remember data for at least 10 years without any current flowing to them . 
Mark Q. Huggins was named executive vice president and chief financial officer . 
But as much as $ 177 million , or nearly 30 % of the account , is marked for potential transfers to research , management and flight accounts that are spent out at a faster clip . 
As far as the pound goes , some traders say a slide toward support at $ 1.5500 may be a favorable development for the dollar this week . 
The Marina rescue center offered a very San Franciscan response to the disaster . 
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . ) 
The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative through not only these major trafficking investigations , but also by providing a full range of services through various task forces and our contacts with local police squads handling drug-related crimes . 
Does the Journal really believe that people ignore the prospect of having a substantial part of their capital confiscated when they decide whether to save or how to invest ? 
Within 15 minutes of the quake itself , I was able to see pictures of the collapsed section of the Bay Bridge . 
When Mr. Jacobson walked into the office at 7:30 a.m. EDT , he announced : `` OK , buckle up . '' 
But if a raider takes over when the stock is weak , the shareholder never gets his recovery . 
The Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers said proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes . 
`` I personally do n't enjoy seeing players who I remember vividly from their playing days running about and being gallant about their deficiencies , '' says Roger Angell , New Yorker magazine 's resident baseball sage . 
The fact is that as a savings or investment vehicle , insurance generally runs a poor second to any direct investment you might make in the same things the insurance company is putting your money into . 
Lang is cutting costs and will attempt to operate the magazine with only subscription revenue . 
Because municipal bonds yields have risen at a time when interest rates generally have fallen , some portfolio managers are assuming that bonds bought now will appreciate in value as the municipal bond market rebounds . 
David Tunick , the president of David Tunick Inc. , a New York gallery , says scholars question the authenticity of the Rubens . 
Analysts said those estimates -- which range from about $ 1.80 a share to $ 1.95 a share -- are based on Fantasy being in operation in 1990 . 
He said he would n't comment on the CFTC plan until the exchange has seen the full proposal . 
He also said the introduction of a 3 % consumption tax in April has helped sales . 
The state had sought as much as $ 4.1 billion in relief , but yesterday the House approved a more general scaled-back measure calling for $ 2.85 billion in aid , the bulk of which would go to California , with an unspecified amount going to regions affected by Hurricane Hugo . 
Along with the car , Wacoal plans to launch a series of Caspita-brand men 's underwear . 
Art indexes track winners , not losers . 
Carl E. Pfeiffer , chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this specialty-metals manufacturing concern . 
Research does n't tell us whether people actually do read the magazines they subscribe to . '' 
Mr. Noriega made plans to fly to Washington for a meeting with his counterpart at the Pentagon . 
A trader said that the more an issue gained recently , the sharper the loss sustained Wednesday . 
`` This is n't a technology issue , but an attitude issue , '' he says . 
Other banks were slightly more resilient , with Dresdner Bank shedding 4.8 to 320 , and Commerzbank slipping 2.5 to 
The park is slated to open in 1992 . 
The budget impact will be greater still in fiscal 1991 , and the issue forced a confrontation between the Appropriations Committee leadership and Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta , whose California district was at the center of the earthquake last week . 
According to Securities and Exchange Commission rules , McCaw is required to keep its offer for the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days after the announcement of the financing , LIN said . 
Does this corporation have a high-quality management team with a good track record ? 
Santa Fe also has $ 3.7 billion in debt . 
Joseph W. Robertson , 61 , was dismissed from those posts , the company said . 
The panel urged greater efforts to reduce the complexity , paperwork and cost of utilization review . 
President Bush would do himself and the country a favor by rescinding the order as an ambiguous intrusion on his ability to defend America 's national security . 
Estimated volume was five million ounces . 
The athletic footwear maker said net rose to $ 49.9 million , or 44 cents a share , from $ 37.1 million , or 32 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Advanced Cardiovascular Systems Inc. and Cardiac Pacemakers Inc. units led growth in the medical-instrument systems division . 
Martin Schrager , 51 , who had been president , was named vice chairman . 
Investment letters now abound , I really like to read them ; If I peruse enough , I 've found I 've no time left to heed them ! 
Staffers at Thompson , whose offices are in the ultramodern Embarcadero Center , watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the skyscraper sway seven to eight feet , according to a spokeswoman . 
Mr. Bartlett had slimmed Moliere 's cast of characters to six and set them in the London media world of Thatcherite Britain . 
Beazer PLC , a major British building materials and construction concern , reported a 24 % jump in pretax profit for its latest financial year , helped largely by contributions from its U.S. unit , Koppers Co . 
Earlier rate reductions in Texas and California reduced the quarter 's revenue and operating profit $ 55 million ; a year earlier , operating profit in telephone operations was reduced by a similar amount as a result of a provision for a reorganization . 
Law Firm Management Can Be Quite Rewarding 
DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES Inc. said it offered $ 50 million of 9 1\/2 % debentures due 2001 at par . 
The White House warned that this would be an unconstitutional usurpation of its power . 
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending . 
SunGard 's stock rose 1 3\/4 to 21 1\/4 on 194,000 shares . 
A big bankruptcy-court case might tarnish KKR 's name , and provide new fuel for critics of LBOs in Washington and elsewhere . 
He said that when sell programs kick in , many traders believe that `` there 's no sense in sticking your nose out because you 're an instant loser . '' 
Gen. Scowcroft was a member of the Tower Commission , which investigated the Iran-Contra affair . 
Allianz said in its statement that it was acting to protect that interest , which ties it to Navigation Mixte as a partner . 
-- `` Whether the installation is for early warning or space track , it clearly is not deployed , '' the lawmakers said . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
After the explosion , Kerr-McGee temporarily shut down its facility just south of Las Vegas for a safety inspection . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Automatic Data closed at $ 46.50 a share , down $ 2.25 . 
He says the strike-force lawyers will work more efficiently under the supervision of U.S. attorneys . 
It said $ 10 million would go to the University of Toronto . 
Another solution cities might consider is giving special priority to police patrols of small-business areas . 
In the comparable year-ago quarter , the second quarter ended Oct. 31 , Service Corp. had a loss of about $ 12.5 million , or 26 cents a share , on revenue of $ 175.4 million . 
`` If only a banker or a lawyer had spoken out years ago , the judicial process would n't be under the taint it is today . '' 
The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International 's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries . 
Warner denies Mr. Ross ever said any such thing , and , in fact , denies virtually everything Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say in their affidavits . 
Industry officials and congressional aides said that the main points of a compromise defense authorization bill , hammered out during a flurry of private meetings over the past few days , provide a face-saving compromise for both the White House and House Democrats . 
For fiscal 1988 , Ashland had net of $ 224 million , or $ 4.01 a share , on revenue of $ 7.8 billion . 
The proposals go far beyond the current and rather confused policies of perestroika , Mikhail Gorbachev 's restructuring of the economy . 
Public Service of New Hampshire went up 3\/8 to 4 . 
But the mega-issues are raising megaquestions about the rapidly evolving Indian capital market . 
News of the arrest and charging of the two men helped to push prices on the Singapore Stock market sharply lower in early trading yesterday , but brokers said that the market and CDL shares recovered once it became apparent the charges were limited to the two men personally . 
They did me some good . 
In the derivative market , insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities , or real estate mortgage investment conduits , as they assess potential claims from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas . 
Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they 've joined the search . 
Greg Smith , Moon Township manager , said the ordinance is intended to prevent the concentration of group homes for the mentally retarded from changing `` the character and flavor of the neighborhood . '' 
`` The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with no windows and clocks and lots of red and black decor , are gone , '' Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says . 
Instead , the Fed could buy the broad market composites in the futures market . 
A Yale law school graduate , he began his career in corporate law and then put in years at Metromedia Inc. and the William Morris talent agency . 
At present , doctors can see how badly an artery is clogged only by inserting a thin catheter into the artery and injecting a fluid that makes the arteries visible on X-rays . 
`` We were following the trend of our competitors who were under pressure from institutions , '' he said . 
`` Index arbitrage does n't work , and it scares natural buyers '' of stock . 
9:31 a.m. 
Now that the baseball season is officially over , you see , it 's time for a new season to begin . 
Paramount Communications Inc. said it sold two Simon & Schuster information services units to Macmillan Inc. , a subsidiary of Maxwell Communication Corp . 
Mr. Lorenzo , 49 years old , is reclaiming the job that was his before Mr. Corr signed on . 
But here is where the entrepreneur made a very risky bet , and where society was maybe foolish to look the other way . 
Here are the net contributions of the components of the Commerce Department 's index of leading indicators . 
And the Columbia , Md. , company may have to settle for a lower price , he adds . 
`` It needs more discipline . 
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president . 
They serve the industries and the special-interest groups . 
Mr. Ginn said the company 's cellular operations now serve about 341,000 customers , up 46 % from a year ago . 
I do n't feel down or done in because I show British serials on my television network or read their books . 
Mr. Staloff , 44 , was a senior officer of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and is considered a specialist in new financial products . 
The U.S. attorney 's office , in documents it filed in response , said Mrs. Marcos was making the `` fanciful -- and factually unsupported -- claim that she was kidnapped into this country '' in order to obtain classified material in the case . 
A few months ago , the Bush administration decided to stop this cooperation , leaving Radio Costa Rica operating on a shoestring . 
Yesterday 's edition misstated the percentage increase . 
But `` a bunch of utilities '' should post profit increases . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained less than a quarter of a point , or less than $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 of face amount . 
But stunning volatility was produced in the process . 
But approval is almost certain since Mr. Rey and a friendly Adia management are in control . 
The per-share estimates mean the consumer-products company 's net income , increased to between $ 69.5 million and $ 76 million , from $ 47.1 million the year-before period . 
The national office currently has 21 noncriminal audit projects , according to Marshall V. Washburn , deputy assistant commissioner for examination . 
When , however , Claudio 's sister , Isabella , a novitiate in a convent , goes to Angelo to plead her brother 's case , the obdurate ruler immediately falls in love with her and , in a supreme act of hypocrisy , demands that Isabella yield up her virtue to him in exchange for her brother 's life . 
Proponents maintain that a president would choose to use a line-item veto more judiciously than that . 
Mr. Kossuth , 52 years old , succeeds Ermanno Pascutto , 36 , who resigned to join Hong Kong 's Securities and Futures Commission . 
He blames the indictment on local political feuding , unhappiness with his aggressive efforts to clear the courthouse 's docket and a vendetta by state investigators and prosecutors angered by some of his rulings against them . 
`` We just took another floor for our London offices , '' said Joseph Flom of the New York firm of Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom . 
The legislation also includes a lower `` training wage '' for new workers who are teen-agers . 
`` We have capital requirements , '' says Mr. Linsert , `` so we have to go ahead '' with a planned $ 1.5 billion private placement . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Average daily trading volume : 145,954 shares 
Weakening corporate earnings , they say , are no prescription for a bull market . 
The record date is Nov. 9 . 
But the scandal itself is so convoluted that ruling-party members are divided between those who want to pursue the matter in hope of undermining the opposition and those who favor leaving well enough alone . 
To simplify the calculations , commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table . 
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. said unconsolidated pretax earnings in the fiscal first half surged 79 % to a record 63.25 billion yen ( $ 445.7 million ) , reflecting strong demand for a variety of products . 
The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to adjustments to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ; reductions in vehicle fleets , staff and facilities ; and writedowns of assets . 
Last year , earnings of the combined companies did n't cover debt service and Pinkerton 's was forced to borrow $ 20 million of subordinated debt . 
`` We 've run out of places to build freeways in L.A. , and the only place to go is up , '' Mr. O'Connell said , although he acknowledges there are many obstacles , including cost . 
The government is nervous . 
But the interest rates they charge are often near Japan 's 54.75 % legal limit , says Kenji Utsunomiya , a lawyer specializing in loan troubles . 
Calgene Inc. and Gustafson Inc. said they plan a joint project to develop biological products to control such plant diseases as aflatoxin , a potent cancer-causing agent . 
However , despite the big new-issue calendar , many junk bond investors and analysts are skeptical the deals will get done . 
Texas Instruments Inc. , once a pioneer in portable computer technology , today will make a bid to reassert itself in that business by unveiling three small personal computers . 
In his peaked military cap and neatly pressed , French-made uniform , Noriega felt more respected and powerful than ever in his underprivileged life , friends from the period say . 
`` It 's truly entrepreneurial . 
It noted , however , that it has n't determined any specific terms of a possible transaction . 
It meant to convey our hope that the Senator and other members of the congressional left are broadening their dislike of Noriega to include other notorious Central American drug runners . 
American Express 's share of Shearson 's earnings was $ 41 million , after preferred stock dividends ; it owns about 68 % of Shearson 's common . 
Stock prices finished about unchanged Friday in quiet expiration trading . 
Daniel B. Scully Tucson , Ariz . 
Both issues are among the most popular with individual investors . 
Winners outpaced losers , 572 to 368 , while 181 issues remained unchanged . 
`` Back in 1964 , the FBI had five black agents . 
Ortega cited renewed attacks by the U.S.backed rebels . 
Almost one million shares of Sun Microsystems changed hands , but the issue was unchanged at 17 3\/4 . 
Ms. Johnson , who works out of Aetna 's office in Walnut Creek , an East Bay suburb , is awed by the earthquake 's destructive force . 
Unlike larger contractors with a broad enough base to weather the downturn easily , these companies are suffering big drops in business as once-lucrative specialty niches in the massive military market erode or even disappear . 
`` We would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress , and we have recently , '' he said , citing Oct. 13 and earlier this week . 
A spokesman for Dean Witter , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , declined to comment . 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , where the Energy Department tests and conducts research on nuclear weapons , had only `` superficial damage , '' a spokesman said . 
More than 10,000 demonstrators had called for free elections and the resignation of Communist Party leader Milos Jakes . 
I believe Mr. Kageyama left out one major aspect of Japanese culture that permeated his piece : the belief in the superiority of Japanese culture and behavior vs. others . 
Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , a 43%-owned U.S. affiliate , filed for protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
They added that the settlement is the culmination of a 2 1\/2-year investigation into the company 's aluminum pricing practices in connection with KC-135s . 
The Food and Drug Administration had raised questions about the device 's design . 
`` All the commissioners were in amazing agreement { to re-examine regulation } for only having been together for a few months . '' 
Santa Ana Redevelopment Agency -- $ 107 million of tax allocation bonds , 1989 Series A-D , via a Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. group . 
Announcement of the approval is expected to be made by Louis Sullivan , secretary of Health and Human Services . 
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the GOP proposal , said he intends to unveil the plan today and to offer it as an amendment to whatever legislation comes along , particularly this month 's bill to raise the federal borrowing limit . 
It buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio . 
Trading was moderate , with 176,100,000 shares changing hands on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Birmingham Steel Corp. said that its Emeryville , Calif. , minimill sustained only minor damage from last week 's earthquake . 
The Orange Workers -- who take their name from William of Orange of the Netherlands , a hero of the Dutch-descended Afrikaners -- believe that the solution to South Africa 's racial problems is n't the abolition of apartheid , it 's the perfection of apartheid -- complete and total separation of the races . 
It also purchases data systems products from a manufacturer based in Monterrey . 
For the second time , in a movie called `` The Bear , '' French director Jean-Jacques Annaud demonstrates just how powerful pictures can be . 
Yet the state alone sells seeds and machines . 
He said the original proposal is dead , and all aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the changes in UAL 's market price , the amount of debt banks are willing to fund , and the price British Air would be willing to pay . 
The reasons are complex , but one simple reason ought not to be underestimated . 
Kodak yesterday confirmed that it has entered negotiations with Maynard , Mass.-based Digital to manage all of its voice and data communications needs . 
Neither the Amoco agreement nor the wells existed , the suit alleged . 
Ke Zaishuo , head of China 's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong , accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said , `` This is something we can not accept . '' 
On Thursday , a day after he took office , East German television broke into regular programming to launch a talk show in which viewers call in questions for a panel of officials to answer . 
Reflecting the impact of lower semiconductor prices and cuts in defense spending , Texas Instruments Inc. said third-quarter net income fell 31 % and sales dropped slightly from a year earlier . 
MGM Grand Inc. , proposed offering of six million shares of common stock , via Merrill Lynch . 
Broward County School District , Florida -- $ 185 million of school district general bonds , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
Shaving away some of the gain in that unit was a decline in U.S. oil production to 502,000 barrels of oil a day during the quarter from 527,000 barrels a day last year . 
But Humana says its own facilities could serve its insured for less if they were properly equipped . 
The seventh child of a store owner in Aichi prefecture , Mr. Morishita started out in the textile business . 
Latest approvals : Bell Atlantic 's New Jersey Bell and General Dynamics . 
The number of authorized common shares will remain at 100 million . 
HEWLETT-PACKARD Co. , Palo Alto , personal computer and electronic equipment maker , annual sales of $ 9.8 billion , NYSE , said there will be a `` minimal suspension '' of manufacturing for an undefined period . 
`` They are n't prepared to compete in an area where the Japanese want to enter . '' 
The Dow Jones industrials rose 5.94 , to 2689.14 , making the gain for the week a record 119.88 points , or 4.7 % . 
Indeed , conservative investors , many of them elderly , have poured more than $ 50 billion into such funds , which promise fatter yields than ordinary Treasury bonds -- only to learn later that these funds use part of their money to dabble in high-risk bond options , a gambler 's game . 
In 1986 , in another consent agreement with the SEC , Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws . 
He allegedly entered into Panama 's first formal business arrangement with Colombian drug bosses , according to Floyd Carlton , a pilot who once worked for Mr. Noriega and who testified before the U.S. grand jury in Miami that would ultimately indict the Panamanian on drug charges . 
SHV , of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea oil and gas operations with those of Calor Group PLC and which owns 40 % of Calor , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah . 
Mr. Little said more than 20 people have been convicted in the Wedtech cases , including former U.S. Rep. Mario Biaggi ( D. , N.Y . ) . 
At noon Friday , a senior White House official advised Richard Rahn , the Chamber 's chief economist , that the White House would not agree to a budget reconciliation bill unless it had firm assurances that a vote on substance would be permitted in the Senate . 
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
That would leave Hun Sen and the Khmer Rouge . 
The pound also dropped precipitously against the mark , falling below the key 2.90-mark level to 2.8956 marks from 2.9622 marks late Wednesday . 
CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than ABC and NBC had paid together -- and those two networks expect losses on baseball this season . 
They immediately termed the proposal inadequate and said the restructuring would not solve the company 's problems . 
In addition , Hewlett-Packard acquired a two-year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett-Packard by Octel . 
WHEN AN IRA OWNER dies , the trustee of the individual retirement account must file forms 5498 reporting market values relating to the decedent and each beneficiary , with copies to the executor and beneficiaries . 
More broadly , he wants to `` modernize '' regulation by eliminating barriers between commercial and investment banking and by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market . 
The troubled Minneapolis-based railroad concern said the committee has the authority to hire financial and legal advisers to assist it . 
I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage , but if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture and not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion . 
Like the game of professional football , the NFL organization itself is in turmoil . 
Share prices in Frankfurt closed narrowly mixed after listless and directionless trading . 
So far though , no one -- not even former U.S. attorney Giuliani -- has been able to pinpoint just what law Mr. Dinkins has broken or just what tax he has evaded . 
Nestle 's share of 7 % before Friday 's purchases is far below the shares of market leaders Hershey Foods Corp. and Mars Inc. , which have about 40 % and 36 % of the market , respectively . 
Kurzweil , Waltham , Mass. , makes digital electronic keyboard instruments used by professional recording musicians . 
Stephen R. Barnett Professor of Law University of California Berkeley , Calif . 
One may be William Broderick , a Sterling , Mass. , grower . 
He said Tandy `` has done a decent job '' increasing sales by manufacturing computers for others and expanding sales of its Grid Systems Corp. subsidiary , which sells computers to bigger businesses , but `` it 's not enough to offset the problems at Radio Shack . '' 
Such an embarrassment of riches was inconceivable to the man who discovered the Burgess Shale , one Charles Doolittle Walcott . 
Humana 's revenues , for example , are being boosted by large increases in enrollments in the company 's health maintenance organizations . 
In Japan , by contrast , companies tend to develop their own talent and promote from within . 
The proposal now enters a 60-day comment period , after which the Treasury will propose final regulations , followed by another comment period . 
This decision resulted in at least some drugs entering the United States as a hidden cost of the war . '' 
That structural lack is crucial because investors are the only source of market liquidity . 
Security Pacific Corp. has set its sights on buying its second bank holding company this year . 
Instead , China is likely to shell out ever-greater subsidies to its coddled state-run enterprises , which ate up $ 18 billion in bailouts last year . 
Toshiba Corp. busted open that sector this summer with a notebook-sized machine that retails for less than 200,000 yen ( under $ 1,500 ) -- one of the smallest , cheapest PCs available in the country . 
Fujisawa gained 50 to 2,060 . 
A successful low-crime mall in a high-crime area violates the more typical inner-city pattern , in which commercial areas are taken over by unruly youth , gangs , and the criminal element , with an erosion of the customer base , development capital , and insurability . 
The pound immediately began to take a buffetting after the resignations were announced . 
Oji Paper 's sales strength was evident in overall paper products sales , including newsprints , printing and wrapping papers , which rose to 221.61 billion yen in the first half from 200.70 billion yen a year earlier . 
For instance , Commonwealth BioVentures Inc. , a venture-capital concern , last month invested $ 600,000 to launch Amira Inc. , a Worcester , Mass. , concern that will produce pharmaceuticals . 
Sales rose 8.4 % to $ 27.95 billion from $ 25.78 billion . 
An Exxon official said that at this time the oil company does n't anticipate any additional charges to future earnings relating to the cleanup of oil spilled when one of its tankers rammed into an underwater reef . 
Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds-service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . 
The captain of the aircraft carrier , the oldest in the Navy , said the flier was making his first attempt to land on a carrier . 
Chrysler officials said the plant is scheduled to resume production on Nov. 20. , and 3,300 hourly workers will be affected . 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. is offering the remaining $ 10 million of notes . 
They might even step up sales in a falling market , he said , in an effort to maintain the flow of foreign exchange into their treasuries . 
The Mirage will cost at least $ 1 million a day to operate . 
He said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories . 
David Batchelder , a mergers adviser in La Jolla , Calif. , who aided Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis on the bids which put both UAL and NWA in play as takeover candidates this year , says that banks have been `` preparing to play a larger and larger role in acquisition financing . '' 
The number of cattle moving onto feedlots in the recent quarter was also lower because fattening cattle is less profitable . 
This is worth remembering when insurers and their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance , the kind that amasses cash value . 
Index `` B '' , which monitors price changes for the 30 % of urban households that spend between HK$ 6,500 and HK$ 9,999 a month , rose 9.9 % last month from a year earlier and was up 1.3 % from the preceding month . 
What 's more , the takeover occurred as natural-gas prices were falling and just as Texas Oil & Gas reported its first annual loss in 28 years . 
This is one of the first bids under new takeover rules aimed at encouraging open bids instead of gradual accumulation of large stakes . 
Nor , by the way , advertisers . '' 
`` It was a very nervous day , '' said John Geary , partner of the Big Board specialist firm Ziebarth , Geary . 
Private relief agencies , such as the Salvation Army and Red Cross , mobilized almost instantly to help people , while the Washington bureaucracy `` took hours getting into gear . '' 
But Nissan expects to earn only 120 billion yen in the current fiscal year , a modest increase of 4.7 % . 
Indeed , when the Bush administration finally decided this summer to renew import restrictions -- arguably the most important decision to affect the steel industry in five years -- Mr. Corry and his directors were aboard helicopters , high above Marathon 's rich oil reserves in the North Sea . 
UAL Corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a tip-off to what 's going to happen to `` takeover stocks , '' says Mr. Canelo . 
Exxon Corp. filed suit against the state of Alaska , charging state officials interfered with the oil company 's initial efforts to treat last spring 's giant oil spill . 
The Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker ran a loss of $ 37 million on assembling and marketing cars in the U.S. , a deterioration of $ 378 million in that line from the 1988 quarter . 
Skeptics say that if that 's the case , temperatures should have risen fairly uniformly over the past century , reflecting the increase in carbon dioxide . 
Caere , a new software issue , surged from its offering price of 12 to close at 16 1\/8 . 
The Clarksburg , W.Va. , producer of gas and oil , said it wants shareholders to approve the split because it would `` enhance the marketability '' and trading of the stock . 
If things have n't worked out that well , and sales wo n't hit $ 200 million until 1992 , it 's time to consider selling , he says . 
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk-bond market in disarray , Georgia-Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy-out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing . 
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense . 
DPC Acquisition Partners , a hostile suitor for Dataproducts Corp. , filed a petition in federal district court in Los Angeles seeking to have its standstill agreement with the computer printer maker declared void , and it proceeded with a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the company . 
But Mr. Miller , Wang 's new president , recently warned his salespeople about negativism . 
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C . 
AN AUSTIN , Texas , company plans to make it easy for you show up in court a thousand miles away without leaving town . 
Valley National lost 1 3\/8 to 17 1\/8 on volume of 1.9 million shares . 
It was clear that more than one gene had to be damaged for colon cancer to develop . 
The debt load would have been higher but for a reduction of A$ 5 billion over the past year from asset sales , Mr. Bond said at a business gathering . 
Proponents of expanding FHA programs say they merely want to help home buyers who are frozen out of high-priced markets . 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of revised guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
First-round draft picks have done even better : Average salaries and bonuses for them rose to $ 685,000 this year , up 44 % from 1987 . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
For instance ? 
Labor costs continued to rise more rapidly in service industries than in goods-producing industries , the report showed . 
About 33 % considered another crash `` likely , '' while about 63 % said one is `` unlikely . '' 
`` The beautiful look of wool , '' croons the show 's narrator , `` slightly Victorian in its influence ... . '' 
A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the endless allusions to high and pop culture and the frequent jokes festooning the text . 
The traffic jam out of the park was monumental . 
The estimated earthquake losses are low compared with the $ 4 billion in claims that insurers face from Hurricane Hugo , which ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month . 
Nevertheless , phone service was sporadic ; many computer terminals remained dark , and by late yesterday a third of San Francisco remained without power . 
Convex also recently agreed to use Posix , a standard for the computer language called UNIX . 
But investment bankers say that stock market uncertainties in the U.S. may cause many European companies to mark time before bidding for American companies , in the hope that share prices will come down . 
Another recently offered Alex . Brown issue , Rally 's , surged 3 1\/8 to 23 . 
Morgan Grenfell had advised Guinness on the bid , which was surrounded by allegations that Guinness used artificial means to support the bid 's value . 
When it owns stocks , Renaissance 's portfolio typically is composed of about 60 large-capitalization issues ; to make buy or sell moves , the firm solicits Wall Street brokerage houses a day or so in advance , looking for the best package price to carry out the trades . 
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders . 
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor . 
It did n't help when , in 1986 , she was charged ( and then cleared ) on allegations of public drunkenness . 
You pay a set premium for a set amount of coverage , the company invests that premium in a portfolio of its choosing , and your cash value and dividends grow over the years . 
St. Jude finished up 1\/4 to 44 1\/2 on Friday . 
Paul A. Herbig Indiana University Bloomington , Ind . 
The arms-kickback scandal is likely to be one of the big talking points in the campaign , but it 's unclear how it is viewed by average Indian voters . 
AFTERSHOCKS RATTLED Northern California amid an earthquake cleanup . 
Measured the same way , the decline for black males was 14.2 % . 
Managers at five chains have said in recent weeks that they intend to bid for their companies . 
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said . 
The 301-year-old exchange is battered by enormous claims from a decade-long run of unprecedented disasters , the most recent of which is last week 's earthquake in California 's Bay Area . 
They graze at the Farmers Market , a combination gourmet food court and grocery store , while a pianist accompanies the noon fashion show with a selection of dreamy melodies . 
He said that when he was on the board he felt that he had a great deal of power and , somehow , he did n't think that was a good thing . 
He would not reveal which magazines he is considering . 
At the time merchants were asking for premiums of about five cents a pound . 
Many modern scriptwriters seem to be incapable of writing drama , or anything else , without foul-mouthed cursing . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
As for Ford , analysts expect the end of the Saab play will allow the U.S. auto maker to focus its resources on the intensifying struggle with GM for a stake in Jaguar . 
One immediate source of money is an emergency fund set up by Gov. Deukmejian . 
The most significant changes in department policy are new requirements that federal prosecutors avoid disrupting `` the normal business functions '' of companies charged under the racketeering law , a senior department official said . 
Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write-offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year . 
But small business , which generally detests government-mandated benefits , has taken note of the growing number of close votes . 
Fees 2 . 
Operating profit for the abrasives , engineering materials and petroleum services concern was $ 19.2 million , or 91 cents a share , up 3 % from $ 18.7 million , or 87 cents a share . 
I personally do not want to hasten Mr. Lehman 's demise , but I can see him figuring prominently in his own article . 
But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies , low enough to promote consumption and , most important , steady enough for both producers and users to believe in . 
Trelleborg plans to remain the dominant shareholder with stakes of slightly less than 50 % of both units . 
And CenTrust has other problems . 
Exports of rum surged 54 % to 814,000 proof gallons . 
Common sense suggests that people who play for a company that charges about half what those houses do for a ticket are not in the same market . 
And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life . 
On Friday , the American Diabetes Association issued a similar statement urging the six million U.S. diabetics not to overreact to the British report . 
One senior administration official called the guideline `` outrageous '' and said it could make U.S. operatives reluctant to even listen to coup plans for fear they may get into legal trouble . 
Some insurers have also started offering `` persistency bonuses , '' such as extra dividends or a marginally higher interest yield , if the policy is maintained for 10 years . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
MOST FOOD companies these days are trimming the fat and cholesterol content of their products to appeal to health-conscious consumers . 
Drexel Burnham 's Mr. Reidy pointed out that `` profits held up in a tough revenue environment . 
William Craig , an independent record promoter , pleaded guilty to payola and criminal tax charges , according to a statement issued by Gary Feess , the U.S. attorney here . 
`` Rates have n't really peeled off that much , '' Mr. Regalia said . 
The price was n't disclosed , but an executive of LJN Toys Ltd. , the MCA unit , said the closely held Buddy L had annual sales in excess of $ 20 million . 
By that time they found extremely low profit rates from non-financial corporate investment . 
Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses , mopping up water from broken pipes and clearing ceiling tiles and other debris from factory floors . 
THE YALE POLITICAL UNION does n't pay an honorarium to speakers . 
Mr. Gutfreund collected $ 32 million , while Billy Salomon got $ 10 million , much less than if he had conducted the sale . 
Big Board officials have been under seige from both investors and the exchange 's own floor traders since the Dow Jones Industrial Average 's 190-point tumble on Oct. 13 . 
They said the price would be around $ 10 million . 
This trader said that he thought the market would turn aggressively bullish from a technical standpoint if the December contract was able to exceed 75.75 cents . 
The company maintains that it does n't expect Emhart to contribute to earnings for about another 12 months . 
Fees 2 1\/8 . 
Commercial transactions will continue to be based on the official rate of about 0.63 rubles to the dollar . 
He said Rorer will spend $ 15 million to $ 20 million more on Maalox advertising and promotion in the second half of 1989 than in the year-earlier period . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Since commercial air travel is interrupted , Aetna , based in Hartford , Conn. , chartered three planes to fly claims adjusters into Sacramento and then planned for them to drive to the Bay area . 
One handout promises : `` Pedigrees , parties , post times , parimutuels and pageantry . '' 
Quotron Systems Inc. , a Citicorp unit , blamed the 30-minute foul-up on `` a timing problem in our software '' caused by the enormous early volume -- about 145 million shares in the first hour of New York Stock Exchange trading . 
That is the state of Japan 's computer industry . 
The newspaper and television owner said it expects the tax adjustment to reduce its net income for the full year by 14 cents , or approximately $ 2.8 million based on its 20.2 million shares outstanding . 
The transaction is subject to approval of NRM unitholders of record on Oct. 23 , among other conditions . 
Wells Fargo is rebuilding its loan-loss reserve , which increased to $ 711 million at Sept. 30 from $ 664 million the previous quarter but was down from $ 852 million a year ago , when the bank still had some shaky foreign loans . 
The bonds ended about 1\/2 point higher yesterday . 
A spokesman for the insurance and financial services firm , based in Newark , N.J. , said it hopes to make a decision within three to four months . 
Colon , lung and breast cancers are the most common and lethal forms of the disease , collectively killing almost 200,000 Americans a year . 
Unfortunately , the toxin is also poisonous . 
He estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share . 
I was in my favorite watering hole , waiting for the game to start . 
But there 's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue . 
In 1987 , USAir Chairman Edwin Colodny stonewalled when Trans World Airlines Chairman Carl Icahn threatened to take over the carrier . 
International Business Machines Corp. will announce on Tuesday a slew of software products aimed at eliminating some of the major problems involved in computerizing manufacturing operations , industry executives said . 
Comments by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan lent some support to the dollar , but the U.S. unit ended yesterday lower against most major currencies . 
A dollar invested in the stock market in 1926 would have grown to $ 473.29 by the end of last June , according to Laurence Siegel , managing director at Ibbotson Associates Inc . 
AT&T assembled three of its top executives in Washington , all visibly angry , to try to refute MCI 's charges . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed off 5.94 points , at 2653.28 . 
`` People comfortable with the passive approach are using them for other strategies . '' 
They said the president conceded the notification requirement did n't affect his decision to lend only minor support to this month 's Panama coup effort . 
Upon examination , however , I wondered whether the plan made a lot of sense . 
The panel is expected to add provisions waiving restrictions on the use of federal highway funds and may also shift money within the package to bolster the share for the Small Business Administration . 
Mr. Laband gives us an idea why economists ' predictions are usually wrong . 
But the unit 's third segment , wildlife traps , is suffering from a `` depressed market , '' and Ekco is seeking to sell that segment , he said . 
All four demonstrators were arrested . 
Bond prices staggered in seesaw trading , rising on reports of economic weakness and falling on reports of economic strength . 
Formerly president and treasurer , Mr. Lang remains chief executive officer . 
The company also cited retail trade and consumer demand for new products introduced this year , such as Cherry Merry Muffin and Turtle Tots . 
`` There was a difference of opinion as to the future direction of the company , '' a spokeswoman said . 
The red ink came as no surprise to Wall Street , but analysts said they saw ominous hints of a further delay in volume shipments of Version 1.1 , a harbinger of continued losses in the fourth quarter . 
It has more drug users than Boston has people . 
It has ruled that such laws might work to stifle fund raising , which would amount to limiting the charities ' first-amendment right to freedom of expression . 
`` It is close to being a record undersubscription , '' said Bob Bucknell , an analyst with London broker Smith New Court Securities . 
According to some of the grand panjandrums of the market , it never happened . 
Mr. Krenz , age 52 , is known as an old-guard ironfist , one likely to continue the method of running a country that the Berlin Wall made famous . 
But there was a dearth of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to entice them . 
`` I hire transportation , and my customers have fresh cold cuts every day . 
That 's up from about 687 a month in 1985 , and it 's accelerating : So far this month , foreclosures are averaging about 85 a day . 
Computer Sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting , which counsels companies on logistics and supply . 
Several key economic figures are due out and Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson is scheduled to give the annual `` Mansion House '' address to the financial community . 
The first phase of the program has been completed , but two other phases are continuing . 
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest-rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third-quarter results . 
A court in Jerusalem sentenced a Palestinian to 16 life terms for forcing a bus off a cliff July 6 , killing 16 people , Israeli radio reported . 
Some had predicted earnings of more than $ 4 a share for this year , up from last year 's fully diluted $ 3.27 a share on earnings of $ 680.6 million . 
Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers . 
After MGM\/UA terminated the $ 1.5 billion merger because of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit , Qintex Entertainment -- which is 43%-owned by Qintex Australia -- found itself facing problems of its own . 
In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk-fund shares , Dalbar says . 
But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs. Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging buyers and sellers together and adjusting prices to accommodate the market . 
David Owen , U.K. economist with Kleinwort Benson Group , reduced his growth forecast for 1990 to 0.7 % from 1.2 % and termed the risk of recession next year `` quite high . '' 
`` It 's really part of the hospital of the 21st century , '' Dr. Grieco says . 
Over the long run , however , sleazy cases will make bad law . 
Ford said owners should return the cars to dealers so the windshields can be removed and securely reinstalled . 
The 45-year-old Mr. Kuehn , who has a background in crisis management , succeeds Alan D. Rubendall , 45 . 
The town is home to the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame and it hosts the annual Fat Tire Bike Week . 
Unocal Corp. 's top management sets guidelines , but line supervisors slice up the merit pie . 
Japanese companies have long been accused of sacrificing profit to boost sales . 
Stockholders will vote on the proposal at a meeting Dec. 13 . 
The Financial Times 30-share index ended 13.6 higher at 1772.1 . 
However , individuals close to the company insist shuttering the insurance division , a sideline from the company 's core property management business , is n't the beginning of a sale of assets . 
That would cut into CBS 's slim margin for profit -- and error . 
Last spring , the comptroller 's office called a halt to Mr. Paul 's fling , giving him six months to sell the paintings . 
Frankfurt prices closed lower again Friday , the fourth decline in the past five days and the culmination of a week that saw the DAX index lose 4 % . 
Farm prices in October edged up 0.7 % from September as raw milk prices continued their rise , the Agriculture Department said . 
It has also rattled Federal 's strongly anti-union management , which is already contending with melding far-flung operations and with falling profits . 
In July , Eastern and its creditors agreed on a reorganization plan that called for Eastern to sell $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection at two-thirds its former size . 
These securities are attractive to Japanese investors for three reasons . 
Mr. Gras said the joint venture represents considerable savings for both Renault and DAF , since both companies would in any case have had to renew their existing ranges of light goods vehicles . 
However , the officials said it was too early to disclose the nature of the proposed projects or indicate when the talks might be concluded . 
In trading on the American Stock Exchange , Delmed closed at 50 cents , down 6.25 cents . 
Egg prices averaged 64.2 cents a dozen , down 0.2 cent from September . 
Depending on the outcome , the merged company may face union elections this fall among airplane mechanics , ramp workers , stock clerks and flight dispatchers . 
The market 's wild week may speed along the market-reform legislation that has been pending for months in the aftermath of the 1987 crash . 
But this September -- just when many market economists , including some at Merrill Lynch , believed that Mr. Straszheim was about to be proved right -- he took a detour if not a U-turn . 
`` At American cocktail parties everyone 's always looking over your shoulder to see who they can talk to next . 
Donald Trump , who faced rising doubt about his bid for American Airlines parent AMR Corp. even before a United Airlines buy-out came apart Friday , withdrew his $ 7.54 billion offer . 
Seats on the Amex currently are quoted at $ 151,000 bid and $ 200,000 asked . 
Probing with the stimulators , National Institutes of Health scientists recently showed how the brain reorganizes motor-control resources after an amputation . 
The post had been vacant for more than a year . 
The office , a Treasury Department unit that is the successor to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board , said this was the first announcement of an enforcement action since this year 's thrift-bailout legislation ordered that all such actions by federal banking regulators be made public . 
Now incorporated into a polypropylene rake , the four-inch prongs , or `` wonderbars , '' also are supposed to aid in picking up leaves . 
That 's the highest estimate for a single collection in auction history . 
I 'm enjoying my life and who I am today . 
A year ago , the company completely revamped its near-luxury sedan , the $ 17,699 Maxima , which competes against a broad range of upscale sedans ; it replaced its boxy , pug-nosed body with sleek , aerodynamic lines . 
According to Ned Davis , president of Ned Davis Research Inc. in Nokomis , Fla. , the average drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average was about 21 % , and the decrease began an average of six months before a recession officially started . 
The government said 13.1 % of Americans , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 . 
The comptroller and auditor-general of India reports serious lapses in the government 's technical and financial evaluation of the Bofors deal . 
Pioneer was down 90 at 5,810 , and Sony lost 40 to 8,550 , down 10 % from its record set Oct. 11 . 
If they finish today , the Sharpshooter can pump tomorrow . 
For the nine months , America West posted earnings of $ 18.9 million , or 97 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 9.7 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier . 
It is most effective taken about a week after a woman misses her menstrual period up through the seventh week of pregnancy , when it is markedly less effective . 
The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % . 
In 1983 , the Supreme Court tried to supply a workable definition in the Dirks v. SEC decision , which found that liability depended on whether the tipper had breached his fiduciary duty to the corporation in order to obtain `` some personal gain '' and whether the tippee knew or recklessly disregarded this fact . 
Others prefer deep-discount zero-coupon bonds . 
The most important governments have ignored the role of low tax rates in attracting real capital investment , instead emphasizing financial flows in response to high interest rates . 
He furthermore denies that he relied too heavily on Sotheby 's or Mr. Wachter . 
New Canaan Investments is a closely held investment partnership with interests primarily in the packaging industry . 
A Par spokesman said he understood the criminal investigation in Maryland relates to matters Par disclosed in July , when Par said it filed false drug information with the FDA . 
A metric ton is equal to 2,204.62 pounds . 
Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of `` headline negatives '' in recent weeks , including rate increases in Europe and Japan , aggressive central bank intervention , a 190-point plunge in New York stock prices , an unexpectedly poor U.S. trade report and action by the Federal Reserve to nudge U.S. rates lower . 
A grand jury here indicted Norton Co. 's former director of advanced-ceramics research , charging him with interstate transportation of stolen property . 
So-called cross-border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick . 
Moreover , `` there 's no question ad rates will come down considerably '' from the GM-Toyota price , says Arnold Chase of Bozell Inc . 
Otherwise , the scene remained Celimene 's house in 1666 . 
Some speculate that Mr. Corry would agree if he could find a buyer at the right price . 
Although sports officials predict jumps of 50 % to 100 % in the major contracts coming up for renewal , ad rates may rise only 20 % . 
They 've now adapted the yeast to making genetically engineered drugs . 
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight . 
The immediate target of Rep. Gonzalez 's inquiry is Danny Wall , chairman of the Office of Thrift Supervision . 
This is in addition to IBM 's existing shelf registration under which $ 200 million in debt securities are available for issuance . 
`` I 'm not looking for a runaway Christmas at all , '' he says . 
Sales for the quarter slipped 2.7 % to $ 601.3 million from $ 618.1 million . 
He called the sour loans `` appalling '' and added , `` You opened the file up and it just jumped at you . '' 
The offer would give the transaction an indicated value of $ 189 million , based on the 18.9 million shares the group does n't already own . 
His speech criticized the `` idiocy of notions of protected groups in society '' as opposed to individual equality or , as he put it , in `` a common destiny as Americans . '' 
The bleak trade report was played down by the Bush administration . 
Mr. Todt had been vice president and treasurer of Insilco Corp . 
Utility operations , the only company unit operating in the black in the latest period , had a 26 % drop in profit , to $ 86.3 million , largely as a result of outages at the company 's huge Palo Verde nuclear facility and the cost of purchased replacement power . 
Average daily trading volume in June of 180.3 million shares was considerably higher than in September . 
Baxter International Inc. yesterday reported net climbed 20 % in the third period to $ 102 million , or 34 cents a share , from $ 85 million , or 28 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` In the kind of literature I read I come across countervailing opinions quite frequently . 
In Tokyo , the Nikkei index of 225 selected issues was up 132.00 points to 35549.44 . 
The American Bowling Congress claims a higher percentage of the public bowls regularly , but concedes its membership has declined this decade . 
Greece and Turkey , for example , are suspected of overstating their arsenals in hopes that they can emerge from the arms-reduction treaty with large remaining forces to deter each other . 
Because of the isolation of the retinoblastoma tumor-suppressor gene , it became possible last January to find out what threat the Quinlan baby faced . 
The Reserve Fund 
Revenue was $ 454.6 million , a 6.9 % gain from $ 425.4 million . 
There were no details available on the pricing of the issue , Freddie Mac 's Series 108 . 
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight . 
The rule goes back at least as far as a 1930 Supreme Court decision , Robert Willens of Shearson Lehman Hutton says . 
That 's a lot of banishment , as it turns out . 
Stevens 's dutiful conflation of the public and private realms -- like his beloved master 's -- destroys all it was designed to preserve . 
The bank had been suffering in late 1987 from a slew of bad real estate loans made in Arizona . 
The bank 's total allowance for credit losses was $ 502.1 million , or 1.82 % of total loans . 
Mr. Tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit . 
Most are trim . 
A slightly higher percentage of New York Stock Exchange volume has been attributed to retail investors in recent months compared with post-crash 1988 , according to Securities Industry Association data . 
Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
To meet the U.S. criteria , Israel contended it only listed incidents that involved civilians and occurred inside its pre-1967 borders . 
He says his team could n't tell whether accounts receivable had been paid or not . 
`` The fact that we might not side with the Americans may be a reason why Canada 's membership in the OAS has n't been , over the years , an item high on the U.S. agenda , '' said Allan Gotlieb , former Canadian ambassador to the U.S. . 
Nearly half the owners of the 28 National Football League teams are losing money , the result of flat attendance , aging stadiums and -- more than anything -- skyrocketing salaries for star players like Mr. Aikman . 
But Mr. Giuliani , a celebrated prosecutor , has had difficulty switching from his crime-busting , finger-pointing mode to a political stance that suggests he might know something about running this big , troubled city . 
Mr. Rezneck is a lawyer in Washington , D.C . 
`` The alternative -- Giuliani -- is ghastly . '' 
Knowledgeable employees said the retrofitting , which had n't yet been budgeted , was part of a planned , three-stage reinforcement of the Cypress structure begun by the California transportation department several years ago . 
To answer the brokerage question , Kidder , in typical fashion , completed a task-force study . 
Now there are 23 . 
South Carolina deserves an A for its quick and timely relief efforts . 
Nutmeg Industries lost 1 3\/4 to 14 . 
The aim , ultimately , is to increase the flow of information into a manufacturer 's main computer network for use in business planning , marketing and other operations . 
Mr. Templeton owns shares in several of the 33 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 10 available to U.S. investors , according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
As part of its College Savings Plan , Connecticut offered $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds priced to yield to maturity from 6.25 % in 1994 to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 . 
The ratings service said the downgrades reflect the continued slide in the company 's financial condition . 
At one sales strategy meeting , an executive suggested ordering salespeople to become experts on the annual report . 
A spokesman for Gulf Canada , which is controlled by Toronto 's Reichmann family , said the properties account for about 6 % of the company 's assets and produce about 5,000 barrels of oil and 35 million cubic feet of gas a day . 
`` It 's not too surprising that the auction was sloppy , given the volatility in the bond market because of stocks , '' said Robert T. McGee , a senior vice president at Tokai Bank Ltd . 
U.S. District Judge Julian A. Cook Jr. announced the settlements as the jury trial was to begin yesterday . 
Titled `` Comments From Students , '' it focuses on the real shame of college sports : what happens to young athletes once they enter academe . 
She said copper traders will also be looking toward the release of the index of leading economic indicators next Tuesday . 
Interest expense in the 1988 third quarter was $ 75.3 million . 
Buying was scattered across a wide range of issues , making the session fairly characterless , traders said . 
`` They 'll go from being one of the most leveraged to one of the least leveraged casino companies , '' said Daniel Lee , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Could n't we save $ 20 billion or $ 30 billion a year by shifting that stuff to the reserves ? 
Computers that once were the state of the art , The marvels bought three years ago , Are now obsolete . 
To switch to another vendor 's chips , `` would definitely not be an option , '' he said . 
`` I 'm not accusing insurers of dereliction of duty , '' Robert Patricelli of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce told Mr. Waxman 's panel . 
But the bikes ' burgeoning numbers , safety concerns and fear that they damage fragile landscapes have prompted pleas , from the Sierras to the Eastern Seaboard , to ban them from the back country . 
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble . 
Additional shares may be bought or sold in the open market , in private transactions or otherwise , depending on market conditions and other factors . 
From the perspective of East Germany 's old guard , reforms that smack of capitalism and Western-style democracy could eliminate their country 's reason for being . 
The FADA real-estate package , with an asking price of $ 428 million , is comprised of 150 properties in Texas , California , Colorado , Arizona and Florida . 
A year ago , results were buoyed by a $ 20 million after-tax gain from an asset sale . 
It continues to gain strength in the chamber but remains far short of the two-thirds majority required to prevail over Mr. Bush . 
AN EARTHQUAKE STRUCK Northern California , killing more than 50 people . 
Christopher R. Petruzzi 
`` Some of those folks were coming back , '' says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman , of discount brokers Quick & Reilly Group Inc . 
`` Rather than sell 39-cents-a-pound Delicious , maybe we can sell 79-cents-a-pound Fujis , '' says Chuck Tryon , perishables director for Super Valu Inc. , a Minneapolis supermarket chain and food distributor . 
The FDIC said it has issued five citations to banks over the past three years for discriminatory practices . 
The 30-share index closed 11.6 points higher at 1772.6 . 
It is naivete to equate a government 's policies with the will of the people ( as we well know ) , and it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of Fidel and the military and the state bureaucracy . 
Individual investors face high transaction costs of moving in and out of the market . 
That 's more than 10 times the usual housing site size . 
A couple in Rockford , Ill. , raised $ 12,591 earlier this year using the name and logo of Mothers Against Drunk Driving , without permission from the group . 
Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks rescue equipment , medical supplies , and enough food and water to feed at least 10,000 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a calamity isolates the theme park . 
`` You ca n't hire competent Americans and say , ` Let them run only their own show , ' '' says Vladimir Pucik , who headed the study run with Egon Zehnder International , a search firm . 
`` I do n't think we do now , '' he says . 
Or in other couples , the embryo could be temporarily taken out and tested three days after conception and returned if healthy , or discarded if not . 
`` There has been a tremendous increase '' in MMI positions , Mr. Selkin said . 
Three big drug makers posted robust third-quarter earnings . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Old Stone repeated projections that it will be profitable for the fourth quarter and will about break even for the year . 
The agency expects the bids to be equivalent of more than $ 80 million . 
If the whole story were told , it would read something like this : 
Mr. Schmedel is editor of The Wall Street Journal 's Tax Report column . 
Exxon Corp. is resigning from the National Wildlife Federation 's corporate advisory panel , saying the conservation group has been unfairly critical of the Exxon Valdez oil spill along the Alaskan coast . 
Daewoo Motor , a 50-50 joint venture with General Motors Corp. and the Daewoo Group conglomerate , is the only auto maker that appears to be hurting . 
In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City and in Las Vegas and Laughlin , Nev . 
For the third quarter , total operating revenue grew 2.6 % to $ 3.55 billion from $ 3.46 billion . 
Given China 's far-from-conciliatory statements to its own people , Mr. Bush may be unable to prevent new sanctions . 
-- `` Playing intercollegiate sports does n't give you a lot of time to spend with others . 
The companies in question believe the analysts are too pessimistic . 
The Fed should guard against systemic risk , but not against the risks inherent in individual stocks . 
Buyers have to rely on a supplier `` continually upgrading and replacing the product , '' he says . 
They argue that the bigger danger would be that the West would delay action so long that the Soviets might back away from the current conciliatory attitude . 
We badly need to follow fact rather than the rhetoric of conventional wisdom . 
`` But she was always encouraging . 
With only 16-year-olds to 19-year-olds eligible , 68 % of workers getting less than $ 4.25 an hour , who are adults , wo n't be subject to the training wage , he said . 
Dedication runs high . 
`` The security business is my favorite subject . 
`` It really brings you down to a human level , '' she says . 
That accord also called for Hewlett-Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . 
More likely , relief funds could be added to an omnibus spending bill that Congress is to begin considering next week . 
With that authority , of course , goes an unambiguous accountability . 
The 35-member Sinfonia played adroitly with a big , lush sound that belied its size . 
The photos showed active geysers on Io spewing sulfurous material 190 miles into its atmosphere and indicated that Europa may have an ocean hidden under a thick sheet of ice . 
Their opposition helped scare off some Japanese banks . 
`` The biographer\/critic , '' Judge Leval wrote , `` should not be required simply to express ... conclusions without defending them by example . 
Another problem was a 7 % increase in operating costs at a time when revenue was rising by only 2 % . 
Institutional investors that must evaluate poison pills on a regular basis are interested less in this general debate than in the answers to specific questions about the corporation issuing the pill . 
In a statement , Chairman Frank Shrontz asserted that the company `` faces significant challenges and risks , '' on both its commercial and government contracts . 
Goodson said David Carr , former president of Ingersoll Publications , and Ray Cockburn , former senior vice president , would head the new in-house management team at Goodson , which had revenue of $ 225 million in 1988 . 
GM officials also see a lot of potential in marrying Jaguar 's cars to the technological know-how of Group Lotus PLC , a British engineering and specialty car maker GM bought in 1986 . 
In the meantime , the money can continue to earn interest for the card holder -- often more than 1 % during that `` float '' period alone . 
He said some infected cells may not have the relevant antigen and so would n't be killed even after exposure to the antibody . 
Unlike the New York Stock Exchange , where buyers and sellers are quickly matched , the junk market , where risky corporate loans are traded , is sometimes closed for repairs . 
While USAir is n't considered absolutely takeover-proof , its defenses , including the sale in August of a 12 % stake in the company to Mr. Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , are pretty strong . 
He said Jaguar started negotiating with GM and several other car makers over a year ago , but the rest `` dropped by the wayside ever since the share price went above # 4 ( $ 6.30 ) a share . '' 
In the year-ago quarter , the software developer reported pro forma earnings of $ 4.8 million , or 24 cents a share . 
The land available for housing construction stands at about 46.2 square meters a person -- 18 % lower than in Taiwan and only about half that of Japan . 
Shell Oil 
They could also check through the orders on file to find a customer that was willing to accept a lower grade of polyethylene . 
This is because a Delaware court earlier this year said that Drexel is entitled to get its money back before or at the same time as the limited partners . 
Enserch said the tendered units will raise its ownership of the partnership to more than 99 % from 87 % . 
That has taken some of the swagger out of natives who like to brag that Texas is the only state that was once a nation , but it has increased their legendary resentment of outsiders . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home , which he and his large family used as both residence and factory , and demanded proof the house and equipment were his . 
The senators responded in kind . 
Numerous injuries were reported . 
Sales rose 11 % to $ 7.73 billion from $ 6.94 billion . 
It counts among its customers a majority of the world 's largest corporations , which entrust their most critical business information to IBM computers . 
`` We were saving up to buy a house , and my wife was pregnant , '' says Mr. Cortese . 
The university had sought an injunction blocking Connaught 's board from recommending or supporting an offer for the company by Merieux . 
One devoted fan who fell under Baker 's spell in 1963 and began collecting Baker memorabilia was Bryan Hammond . 
Democrats are holding up a vote on the amendment by threatening a filibuster , or extended debate . 
The earnings-per-share figures reflect a 25 % stock dividend in June 1989 . 
McDonald 's closed at $ 31.375 , up $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
The New York Times Co. said it reached a settlement with independent home delivery dealers in the metropolitan New York area that will free the newspaper to expand home delivery circulation . 
`` If you want to cut through the clutter , you have to make your message as distinct , sharp and individual as possible . 
But some militant SCI TV junk-holders say that 's not enough . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
Put March 31 , 1992 , at a fixed 107 3\/4 to yield 3.43 % . 
Profits improved across Hess 's businesses . 
The results include a $ 130.2 million write-down of the securities in the high-yield portfolio to the lower of their cost or market value . 
AT&T said that based on studies of other companies that have offered retirement plans , it expects about one-third of its eligible managers to retire under the new program . 
James L. Madson , 46 years old , was named a vice president and assistant general manager of this producer of copper and other minerals . 
Also , he estimated unit shipments of 1-2-3 in all its forms were about 315,000 , up 7 % from 1988 's quarterly average . 
Cineplex , a Toronto theater chain , had a second-quarter net loss of $ 38.7 million . 
The Panamanian affair is only the tip of a more alarming iceberg . 
The two other directors bought 1,000 and 1,900 shares , respectively , at prices between $ 28.15 a share and $ 28.75 a share , filings with the SEC show . 
An L.L. Bean spokeswoman notes : `` People are just used to living in a last-minute society . '' 
The anti-abortionists are urging GOP Gov. Bill Clements to press the issues in a special session scheduled to run Nov. 14 to Dec. 13 . 
`` This deviation from our past growth patterns is caused largely by lower earnings at New York Telephone . '' 
The contract settled at $ 1,014 a ton , off $ 13 . 
He adds : `` The medical market and the fitness market parallel each other and are going to cross real soon . '' 
And last year , Playtex Holdings Inc. went private for about $ 680 million . 
Limit Order : Limit orders are used when investors want to restrict the amount they will receive or pay for an investment . 
Mr. Paul thus developed a close , symbiotic relationship with Sotheby 's . 
A breakdown showed that food prices were the most active part of growth with a rise of 0.6 % . 
On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations . 
The talks may drag on for weeks before any concrete result is announced , people familiar with them said . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Subsequent meetings , initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts , were held to familiarize Mr. Orr with the company 's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information , according to GE . 
Neither Mr. Payne nor Mr. Decker could be reached to comment . 
Ad Notes ... . 
An EC spokesman said the two companies will be notified so they can begin negotiations with Brussels on how to modify the pact . 
A partnership with a Williamsburg , Va. , unit of Shell Oil Co. recently patented a process for producing plastic food containers that wo n't melt in microwave ovens . 
DD Acquisition , jointly owned by Unicorp Canada Corp. 's Kingsbridge Capital Group unit and Cara Operations Ltd. , has made a $ 45-a-share tender offer valued at $ 268 million for Dunkin ' Donuts . 
The transactions are unrelated . 
Mr. Clanahan says FEMA now possibly may have the heaviest caseload in its history . 
That 's some of what emerges from the following charts , which show how Americans have changed their investment patterns over the past 90 years . 
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
On the other hand , Time Warner said its operating cash flow declined in the quarter for its magazine division , its books division and the Home Box Office programming division . 
In the past Mr. Threlkeld has been known to have substantial long positions that is , he had bought copper futures in anticipation of rising prices -- in the copper futures market . 
Disorderly market conditions could be observed quite frequently in foreign exchange markets in the 1960s and 1970s . 
Analysts say the company also could easily issue new convertible bonds or warrants . 
American Express Co. posted a 21 % increase in third quarter net income despite a sharp rise in reserves for Third World loans at its banking unit . 
The improved tone in the municipal market , largely an offshoot of the New York City sale 's reception , helped municipal futures rebound from early lows , but the spread between the contract and Tbond futures continued to grow more negative . 
`` There are no commercials to make up for since we 're going to eventually broadcast the World Series , '' said a network spokesman . 
Letting officials express their own nuances can be educational . 
Even if I had a lot of money , I could n't buy what I need . '' 
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it agreed to buy Viroqua Telephone Co. of Viroqua , Wis . 
Reimbursement claims must be filed with the IRS district or service-center director within a year after the expense accrues . 
CHICAGO - 
Ever since the bad days of Big is Bad antitrust enforcement , this law has required that anyone proposing a merger must make a filing describing the effects on all relevant markets . 
In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated and head of back-office operations at the subsidiary , and Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary . 
`` He has good investments . '' 
`` It 's pretty much weak across the board , '' said Martin Regalia , chief economist of the National Council of Savings Institutions . 
Radio Shack says it has a policy against selling products if a salesperson suspects they will be used illegally . 
We need them and I thank God for them . '' 
The bill must be enacted before the cuts can be restored . 
The association attributed the drop to a trend among auto makers to move manufacturing operations overseas . 
The declaration immediately made the counties eligible for temporary housing , grants and low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses . 
Philip Glass is the emperor , and his music the new clothes , of the avant-garde . 
As followers of the debate over a capital-gains tax cut know , there is much talk in Congress and indeed all over Washington about the need to `` encourage '' long-term investment and discourage the financial sector 's presumed obsession with the short term . 
But many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived . 
The machinists criticized the terms Mr. Wolf and management received in the buy-out . 
As the story of `` Mastergate '' unfolds , we learn that the Internal Revenue Service confiscated one of the properties of a foreign financier who owes the government millions in taxes . 
They persuaded Mr. Trotter to take it back and , with the help of the FBI , taped their conversation with him . 
Abraham Lincoln Federal Savings Bank sank 4 to 13 1\/2 after announcing a shakeup that will change senior management and reorganize the bank 's mortgage business as a separate unit . 
`` One possible explanation for this decline '' in taking cases to trial , says Mr. Burnham , `` is that the number of defendants being charged with crimes by all U.S. attorneys has substantially increased . '' 
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from `` bringing home the bacon '' to their respective constituencies . 
So it 's quite possible that the terrific play between the brothers is n't natural at all , that Jeff and Beau had to work like crazy to make their brotherly love -- and resentment and frustration and rage -- seem so very real . 
Both revenue figures exclude excise taxes . 
If Mr. McDonough 's plans get executed , as much of the Polish center as possible will be made from aluminum , steel and glass recycled from Warsaw 's abundant rubble . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 4.75 billion from $ 4.22 billion . 
Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third-quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations . 
Hotel-casino operators play down the possibility of a labor shortage . 
The firm was indicted in Tampa , Fla. , on money-laundering charges . 
Almost 40 % of schizophrenic men have an impaired sense of smell vs. fewer than 10 % of schizophrenic women , reports the American Journal of Psychiatry . 
Third-quarter net income slid to $ 5.1 million , or six cents a share , from $ 56 million , or 65 cents , a year earlier . 
But in 1976 , the court permitted resurrection of such laws , if they meet certain procedural requirements . 
Puerto Rico Telephone Co. awarded its $ 3 million account to West Indies & Grey , Grey Advertising 's office in Puerto Rico . 
One of its `` more ambitious goals '' is to get Jaime Escalante , the Los Angeles high-school mathematics teacher featured in the film `` Stand and Deliver , '' to come to Harvard for a guest lecture . 
Out of this , the government set up a $ 50 million fund for plaintiffs who can prove their financial losses . 
While the Cowboys may not be the best investment now , I do n't accept they ca n't be in the future . '' 
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture . 
`` It helps to point out how many important people came through Cleveland on their way to the top , '' says George Miller , executive director of the New Cleveland Campaign , a nonprofit organization devoted to citing the city 's strengths . 
In broadest terms , stability has quietly settled into international oil markets . 
Sterling was trading at $ 1.5805 , down from $ 1.5820 late Monday . 
December delivery gold fell $ 1.80 an ounce to $ 370.60 . 
For Ms. Bogart , who initially studied and directed in Germany ( and cites such European directors as Peter Stein , Giorgio Strehler and Ariane Mnouchkine as influences ) tends to stage her productions with a Brechtian rigor -- whether the text demands it or not . 
The spokeswoman said the company does n't have a timetable for the sale , adding that the board 's decision just starts the search for a buyer . 
A major chunk of the $ 2 billion is expected to be eaten up by overtime for city workers deployed in the emergency , said a spokesman for Mr. Agnos . 
But South Korean auto makers are confident that the export market will bounce back and that demand in Korea will stay strong . 
Nissan , in a 34-page tract , modestly compares its `` hydraulic active suspension '' to a cheetah , and equates the various parts to the animal 's heart , brain , nerves and blood vessels . 
Other dealers added that the blue-chip stocks in general were hit by profit-taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . 
Strange that we do n't hear similar criticisms of the East Coast activists who seek to clean up Boston Harbor or rid their beaches of medical waste . 
The Republicans show no sign of relenting . 
Devotees pass hours , watching the lights blink and listening to the metal balls ping , as much to gamble as to get a little time to be anonymous , alone with their thoughts . 
Meanwhile , tax revenues are falling while the city 's spending needs are expanding . 
Operating-profit margins slipped almost 18 % , to 4.3 % of sales , the analyst noted . 
A grand jury has been investigating whether officials at Southern Co. conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes . 
He was convicted of charging interest rates much higher than what the law permitted , and attempting to evade income taxes by using a double accounting system . 
Alltel Corp. said it will acquire the 55 % of Pond Branch Telephone Company Inc. 's cellular franchise that it does n't own already . 
Rorer in July had projected lower third-quarter operating profit but higher profit for all of 1989 . 
And like a spy or mystery story , this novel has strong elements of allegory , as the good and evil forces battle it out . 
`` We see it becoming a bargain-basement kind of business . '' 
The first hybrid corn seeds produced using this mechanical approach were introduced in the 1930s and they yielded as much as 20 % more corn than naturally pollinated plants . 
But if the Fed eases too soon , Mr. Greenspan fears , prices may begin to accelerate again next year . 
Airline stocks typically sell at a discount of about one-third to the stock market 's price-earnings ratio -- which is currently about 13 times earnings . 
`` The parent company is diversifying into other industries around the world , '' said president Meyer Blinder in explaining the name change . 
This limits his financial exposure , he says . 
Lloyd 's has endured decades of genteel decline . 
Now there 's an idea . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
It also sells single-premium annuities to individuals . 
But it was n't until after it hired Arthur D. Little , a Cambridge , Mass. , research concern , that its new product was refined for commercial sale in 1973 . 
Polaroid reported operating profit before taxes and interest costs of $ 63.1 million for the third quarter , more than double the year-before $ 24 million . 
Procter & Gamble Co. and Noxell Corp. said they received early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act regarding the proposed $ 1.4 billion merger of Noxell into P&G . 
Glaxo was the biggest gainer , jumping 35 to # 13.78 ( $ 21.72 ) on anticipation of a stock split next week . 
Squibb Corp. said net rose 17 % to $ 144.5 million , or $ 1.47 a share , from $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share . 
`` People were n't so happy in the 1930s , '' says Thomas Lessner , another local professor and the biographer of the legendary Fiorello LaGuardia , the city 's fusion mayor who built a coalition Mr. Giuliani hopes to emulate . 
One has to establish one 's own identity away from athletics and make athletics only a part , not a whole , of the student-athlete 's life '' . 
The company , which has a European foothold , Murata Europe Management G.m.b . H. in Germany , said the latest venture is designed to meet demand for electric parts in European Community countries ahead of the creation of the unified market by the end of 1992 . 
As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys a $ 120,000 annual office expense allowance , three paid staffers , up to $ 67,000 for stationery and telephones and continued use of the franking privilege . 
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual-fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading . 
Philip Morris Cos. , New York , adopted a defense measure designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive . 
I have felt many aftershocks . 
His trials aroused public passions out of all proportion to the rather banal secrets he allegedly had passed to Soviet intelligence . 
U.S. officials estimated that gray-market imports total about 2,100 units a year , a small part of the more than three million vehicles exported to the U.S. each year . 
Britain and all of Europe need to reconsider the prospects for European integration in light of the possible reunification and neutralization of Germany . 
East Rock Partners Limited Partnership said it proposed to acquire A.P. Green Industries Inc. for $ 40 a share . 
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring . 
I agreed . 
Besides , to a large extent , Mr. Jones may already be getting what he wants out of the team , even though it keeps losing . 
The purchase strengthens San Jose , Calif.-based Businessland 's links to the large corporations who are among the biggest buyers of computers . 
Previously he had said he would be able to find the requisite 60 votes eventually . 
The British government currently forbids any outside investor from holding more than 15 % of the company 's shares without permission until Dec. 31 , 
GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa and MasterCard programs while Monogram provides `` operational and marketing support '' and actually owns the accounts . 
`` That 's the most important experience I 've had with any teacher , '' he says , `` because she taught me how to listen . 
The company had a net loss of C$ 2.3 million , or 14 Canadian cents a share , a year ago . 
But Mr. Warren says the woman has `` psychic burns '' on her back from the confrontation . 
Net loss : $ 100.2 million ; $ 1.90 a share 
`` Champ '' Chandler 's last pitch , apparently , was a screwball . 
The spokesman says the `` glitch '' in the statute is `` the worst kind of Catch-22 . '' 
Traders said that statements made over the weekend to quell concern about the stability of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's government and the future of her economic program largely failed to reassure investors and bolster the flagging British unit . 
By wooing a core black audience they figure they might keep the show alive at least until the spring semester . 
Jaguar shares jumped 23 before easing to close at 654 , up 6 . 
Ford Motor Credit -- $ 2.57 billion of certificates backed by automobile loans with a coupon rate of 8.70 % , priced at 99 19\/32 to yield 8.903 % through an underwriting group headed by First Boston Corp . 
Thus armed for massive matching of documents by computer , they single out high-income groups , looking primarily for people who have n't filed New York income-tax returns . 
Expo enthusiasts argue that holding the fair would attract businesses , create jobs and help renovate abandoned sections of town . 
The SEC has only about 200 staffers assigned to keep tabs on investment advisers -- about the same as in 1980 -- even though the number of advisers has tripled to about 15,000 over the past decade . 
The San Francisco Examiner issued a special edition around noon yesterday that was filled entirely with earthquake news and information . 
We know Verdi 's own contribution was mighty impressive since the operatic `` Libera me '' was reworked for the Manzoni Requiem , of which he wrote every note himself having learned his lesson . 
The Maxwell deal is Quebecor 's second big printing acquisition in just over a year . 
`` This action will continue to keep operating expenses in line '' with revenue , said J. David Hann , president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Quotron . 
He gave 10-to-1 odds that a capital-gains tax cut of some sort would be approved this year , though it probably wo n't be included in the pending deficit-reduction bill . 
Results for the quarter included $ 19.2 million in pretax gains from property transactions , including the sale of one Embassy Suites hotel , and $ 3.5 million of nonrecurring costs associated with the acquisition of the Holiday Inn business by Bass . 
Do n't Linger 
By this time last year , he noted , arrivals totaling 33,270 tons had been announced . 
The most worrisome stretch is 1.2 miles of waterfront highway known as the Embarcadero Freeway . 
`` The market was pretty dull '' for most of the day , said Robert H. Chandross , vice president at Lloyds Bank PLC . 
It said it will buy back two million shares , or 18.4 % , of the total outstanding , and continue operations buying and managing real estate . 
`` If this had happened a few months ago when the atmosphere was still very positive it would n't have been greeted with anything like the impact it has had over the past two weeks , '' says Dennis Jarrett , a market strategist at Kidder Peabody . 
Seymour Schreibman , the 65-year-old owner of Schreibman Raphael Furs Inc. , treats the reverse side of a Persian lambskin to produce a reversible fur-and-leather garment . 
The market is drifting , at least partly , because of a lack of crop information out of Ghana and the Ivory Coast , the two largest African producers . 
Last month , Mr. Friend says , Mr. Alexander 's associate agreed that Derr would pay $ 50,000 as part of an overall settlement . 
The company earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share , on revenue of $ 2.1 billion in the year-ago fourth quarter . 
But why should an iffy $ 6.79 billion leveraged buy-out deal shake the foundations of the entire stock market ? 
One of the hottest tickets on Washington 's social calendar this fall was a charity benefit honoring former Congressman Tony Coelho , who landed a million-dollar job on Wall Street after resigning over a controversial junk-bond investment last summer . 
The announcement of the buy-out 's troubles triggered the market 's nose dive a week ago . 
Meanwhile , `` the bottom end of the market is becoming less loyal , '' says Laurel Cutler , vice chairman of the ad agency FCB\/Leber Katz Partners . 
The great silver clouds on the horizon build themselves on the pale water . 
Out of the mouths of revolutionaries are coming words of moderation . 
In most cases damage to company facilities and operations was minimal . 
Video Telecom Corp. , which markets videoconferencing systems , is working with court reporters to wire a nationwide network to allow depositions by live television . 
Most unusual will be water-borne commuters from the East Bay towns of Oakland and Berkeley . 
Offices of the city 's Rent Board were destroyed . 
But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods . 
Two rumored restructuring candidates in the oil industry moved higher : Chevron , which rose 1 3\/4 to 68 1\/4 on 3.5 million shares , and USX , which gained 1 1\/4 to 34 5\/8 . 
The field is currently being developed and is slated to start production by the end of the year . 
Within 25 years Jews will probably be the minority . 
Estee Lauder Inc. , Revlon Inc. and other cosmetics houses traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises whose product development is guided by the creative intuition of their executives . 
Most important to the contract 's success is the commitment of Hong Kong 's big financial institutions , especially the two leaders , Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp. and the local subsidiary of Britain 's Standard Chartered Bank PLC . 
Dubbed the `` Dire Emergency Supplemental to Meet the Needs of Natural Disasters of National Significance , '' the measure is vintage Whitten in asserting federal responsibility and in disdaining budget impediments . 
The concern 's National Service Division opened a center for emergency service in Walnut Creek as part of its disaster-recovery plan . 
News about UAL and AMR , whose shares never reopened after trading was halted Friday for the UAL announcement , sent both stocks nosediving in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said it awarded General Dynamics Corp. a $ 64 million contract to launch the Combined Release and Radiation Effects Satellite in June 1990 . 
Mr. Marinaro could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
Sales for the year rose nearly 30 % to $ 5.28 billion from $ 4.07 billion a year earlier . 
Net was aided by a lower income tax rate . 
When the Congress ( I ) lost the 1977 election , following Mrs. Gandhi 's hated emergency rule , a similar coalition took power and then disintegrated . 
One big technology issue , Novell , rode the roller coaster . 
A master of pork-barrel politics , he had crafted the $ 2.85 billion package in vintage style and used the full force of his chairmanship to keep the proposal intact and dismiss any alternative . 
The trip from the test tube was not without snags . 
When the ruling was handed down , the vacationing president dispatched Chief of Staff John Sununu to issue a statement and refused to answer questions himself . 
Management 's total could be reduced , and the public could get more than the 15 % control that had been earmarked for British Air . 
The funds received from pharmaceutical firms are used to offset physician symposiums , and these symposiums do not stress any particular medication or manufacturer . 
Analysts had expected Consolidated to post a slim profit , and the company 's stock was down only 25 cents to $ 30.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
Only three weeks earlier , the Merc had turned to one of its own executives , 40-year-old R. Patrick Thompson , to replace Rosemary T. McFadden as president . 
`` Demand for these systems has been very , very strong , '' said Bill Grabe , a senior IBM marketing executive . 
Or an investor who wants his accountant 's advice may be told , `` You seem like a guy who can make up his own mind . '' 
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir 's top adviser on counterterrorism , Yigal Carmon , was here Monday to present the report to members of Congress , reporters and others . 
Mr. Craven joined Morgan Grenfell as group chief executive in May 1987 , a few months after the resignations of former Chief Executive Christopher Reeves and other top officials because of the merchant bank 's role in Guinness PLC 's controversial takeover of Distiller 's Co. in 1986 . 
-- `` Physical exhaustion and depression are common in my life and in some of my teammates ' lives '' . 
`` Their powerful members manage them . '' 
No reason was given in the filing for the sales . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Philip Morris closed at $ 43.375 , up 12.5 cents . 
But before the stock market rebounded from a sharp early sell-off yesterday , he said , `` You could n't buy { junk bonds } and you could n't give them away . '' 
Why ca n't we teach our children to read , write and reckon ? 
November gasoline slipped slightly . 
Hoping to avoid another takeover , Mr. Traub retained Blackstone Group and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. to help him find partners for a management-led buy-out . 
The trend drove up the aftertax margin -- net income as a percentage of revenues -- to 21.1 % in the quarter , compared with 20.7 % a year earlier . 
Other furriers have also benefited from leathers . 
All other countries registered support below 50 % . 
Officials of Pittsburgh-based H.H. Robertson , which makes steel roofs , store fronts and building parts , declined comment . 
It often is preceded by the development of polyps in the bowel , which in some cases become increasingly malignant in identifiable stages -- progressing from less severe to deadly -- as though a cascade of genetic damage might be occurring . 
The offering was for about 2.8 million shares of the data storage equipment maker ; more than 2.2 million shares changed hands after trading began . 
Though Mrs. Thatcher has pulled through other crises , supporters wonder if her steely , autocratic ways are the right formula today . 
Bullish bond market sentiment is on the rise again . 
XL\/Datacomp slid 2 1\/4 to 16 1\/2 amid continuing concerns about the company 's contract negotiations with International Business Machines . 
Jay Freedman , analyst with Kidder , Peabody & Co. , said P&G 's Always sanitary napkin , sold under the Whisper name in Japan , has firmly established itself as a leading brand . 
The Los Angeles Red Cross sent 2,480 cots , 500 blankets , and 300 pints of Type-O blood . 
Ashland Oil 
He favors either an all-stock fund or a balanced fund that mixes both stocks and bonds . 
In the play 's major scenes Mr. Boyd demonstrates that he has a firm grasp of the Shakespearean dynamic . 
Polaroid claims it could have manufactured and sold all the instant cameras and film sold by Kodak if Kodak had n't entered the market . 
The Paris bank does n't publish that figure . 
The U.S. did n't openly oppose Cuba 's seating as the Latin American council delegate . 
Its stock , at 9 5\/8 , trades at about 8 1\/2 times estimated 1989 earnings -- an appropriately low multiple for a company with recession-sensitive customers . 
North Atlantic Industries jumped 1 to 5 3\/4 . 
The estimates of real gross national product prepared by the Bureau of Economic Analysis in the Department of Commerce significantly understate the rate of economic growth . 
He discovered a 75-cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address . 
Another major firm has cut 6,000 workers , 13 % of its staff , since Black Monday . 
December copper opened near Monday 's close , tried to rally but failed , and then triggered stop-loss orders on its way down to settle at $ 1.1510 a pound , off 4.50 cents for the day . 
William S. Smith 
Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega may have accomplished over the weekend what his U.S. antagonists have failed to do : revive a constituency for the Contra rebels . 
`` It 's the proverbial flight to safety . '' 
Officially , the statement is n't an attack on the Rafale . 
Treasury Securities 
Among the three worst-performing groups , with declines of 10 % to 20 % , are airlines , casinos and securities brokers . 
Although the majority of junk bonds outstanding show no signs of default , the market has downgraded many junk issues as if they were in trouble , says Stuart Reese , manager of Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's $ 17 billion investment-grade public bond portfolio . 
The selective approach blurred themes such as domestic-demand issues , large-capitalization issues or high-technology shares , which had been providing at least some trading direction over the past few weeks , Mr. Wada said . 
And analysts said they see no signs of an imminent swoon in California real estate , even with last week 's earthquake . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Now , as a new downturn in the chemical industry looms , Akzo says it is in far better shape to cope . 
Stock and bond investors were cheered by last month 's encouragingly low inflation rate . 
( A settlement was reached but was n't made public . ) 
Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Reiss & Co . B.V. of the Netherlands filed a request with the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of Nashua 's stock but less than 25 % . 
Consider Spendthrift Farm , a prominent Lexington horse farm that went public in 1983 but hit hard times and filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year . 
For the first nine months of the year , Caterpillar said earnings fell 14 % to $ 390 million , or $ 3.85 a share , from $ 453 million , or $ 4.46 a share , a year earlier . 
AEP INDUSTRIES Inc. directors authorized a 3-for-2 split of the common , payable Dec. 7 to stock of record Nov. 22 . 
Still , the average price of such bikes rose last year to $ 145 . 
Furthermore , he says , psychologists should not be allowed to analyze jurors ' personalities . 
But with some clients , the talk can heat up a bit . 
In West Germany , investors stayed on the sidelines as the bond market searched for direction . 
The chamber voted 69-26 Friday to convict the judge of perjury and bribery conspiracy . 
Alusuisse is a subsidiary of Swiss Aluminium Ltd. , a Zurich , Switzerland , producer of aluminum , chemicals and packaging products . 
Sotheby 's made the $ 100 million guarantee to keep the Dorrance collection away from its archrival , auction house Christie 's International PLC ; Christie 's has handled smaller sales for the Dorrance family over the years . 
John Franco , 47 years old , formerly vice chairman of Capital Holding Corp. and president of its Accumulation Investment Group , was named chief executive officer of this insurance holding company , effective Dec. 1 , succeeding Robert T. Shaw , who remains chairman . 
Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell . 
Skoal Daze 
In comparing changes in mortality rates over the past decade , the NCI study looked only at blacks and whites . 
Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer . 
OPEC officials worry that prices could collapse a few months from now if the group does n't adopt new quotas . 
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age . 
They just want to get their job done at any cost to the athlete '' . 
The company also cited some success in damping cost increases and said it wants to return to profitability in 1990 . 
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers . 
Mr. Kakita said the key dollar-yen exchange rate is at 135 yen . 
Like many OTC growth issues , they have market values -- as measured by stock price times shares outstanding -- of roughly $ 100 million to $ 500 million . 
The Nissan logo flashed on the screen for a moment , and then came a taped plea for donations from former President Reagan -- followed by the silent print telling viewers where to call . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
But investors who bought zero-coupon CDs in the secondary market are n't the only ones who may be surprised to learn the full amount of their investments is n't insured . 
The Greens from the First World wanted a morality play , not a negotiation . 
And when responsible scholars gain legitimate access to unpublished materials , copyright should not be permitted to deny them use of quotations that help to establish historical points . 
But a spokesman for KKR says that with only a 15 % equity stake , it would n't be appropriate for KKR to keep board representation . 
`` It liquefies in a patchwork quilt pattern . 
Now , following asset sales that shrank revenue by more than one-third this year alone , Control Data is flush with cash . 
The confusion could be costly . 
He also expects the performance of municipals to lag Treasurys as California is forced to issue new debt over time to repair public facilities . 
In races for the White House , a voter 's incentive , at the margin , is to lean Republican . 
`` We spent a lot of time and money in building our group of stations , '' he said , adding that Fox does n't `` appreciate '' another company attempting to usurp its station lineup . 
A cake topped with a replica of the center will be auctioned at an AIDS benefit at Sotheby 's in December . 
Hospitals companies , meanwhile , are reporting improved earnings . 
P&G , Cincinnati , agreed to exchange 0.272 share of its common stock for each share of Noxell common and Class B stock , a total of about 11 million P&G shares . 
Perhaps Mr. Reagan , who claimed that air pollution is caused by trees , is the man you should be quoting to back up your position that economics is more important than the Earth . 
The issue brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 30.2 billion and its total volume to $ 42.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
I can adjust the amount of insurance I want against the amount going into investment ; I can pay more or less than the so-called target premium in a given year ; and I can even skip payments if my cash reserves are enough to cover the insurance portion of the policy . 
Companies in the construction , engineering and building-products sectors were among other beneficiaries of earthquake-related buying . 
He cashed in . 
Marathon has benefited from higher crude-oil prices and strong demand for refined products . 
But they expose the holders to a lot of inflation risk and interest-rate risk . 
Rather , lines would diminish because at higher prices many victims could not afford necessities such as food and medical supplies . 
Lionel Corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 8 a share , or $ 95.4 million , for as much as 90 % of Lionel by a group with a 9.9 % stake in the toy retailer . 
Lewis G. Rudnick , a Chicago lawyer who represents franchisers , contends California is narrowly limiting -- rather than expanding -- opportunities for negotiating sales . 
The pros strenuously advise individuals to stay away from the latest investment fad . 
By concealing the non-enforcement agreement , certain transactions with Messrs. Taylor and Watson were entered on FirstSouth 's books as loans , allowing the thrift to report fees and interest as current income , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Little Rock , Ark . 
In the past five years , more than 68 % of its sales have been outside the U.S. . 
`` Unless an individual has a minimum of between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 to invest in stocks , he 's still better off in mutual funds than in individual stocks , in terms of getting enough attention from a competent broker , '' says Mr. Lipper . 
Even though the currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar , with a fixed exchange rate of HK$ 7.8 to the American currency , the U.S. and Hong Kong economies do n't always move in lock step , making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go . 
The company had been experiencing softening margins because of increased sales of software applications , which have lower margins than do operating systems . 
El Salvador is destroying more than 1.6 million pounds of food that had rotted in government warehouses , government officials said . 
He sees a psychoanalyst five mornings a week . 
Because only a fraction of them are ever prosecuted , nobody really knows how much money bogus telemarketing operators really harvest . 
Running a charity does cost money , but reputable organizations manage to get the lion 's share of donations out to where they are really needed . 
Outside observers are gathering in Nicaragua to monitor the registration and treatment of opposition candidates . 
Scott E. Thomas says the plans give employees `` a bonus in the form of charitable donations made from an employer 's treasury '' in exchange for the political donation . 
The House Ethics Committee officially cited Rep. Jim Bates ( D. , Calif . ) for sexually harassing two female employees , but did n't recommend formal disciplinary action . 
It is not the kind of thing that is likely to be enacted , however . 
`` If the two sides are n't careful , U.S.-China ties could spin downward , out of control , '' says a U.S. official in Beijing . 
Said the spokeswoman : `` The whole structure has changed . 
Typically , Hart-Scott is used now to give managers of target firms early news of a bid and a chance to use regulatory review as a delaying tactic . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading , Southern Co. rose 50 cents a share to $ 27.125 . 
However , Mr. Ortega was included . 
`` There are about a dozen more deals coming , '' said Michael McNamara , director of fixed-income research at Kemper Financial Services Inc . 
But he said that even under those conditions , the company still would realize a savings of tens of millions of dollars in the first year following a merger . 
Indian Oil Corp . ( India ) -- 
Mr. Green thought little of it , he told the grand jury , until the judge walked up to him after the courtroom had cleared and suggested a kickback . 
During the Nixon administration , the Drug Enforcement Administration became dismayed at the extent of the G-2 's connections to arrested drug traffickers . 
Sales increased 10 % to $ 2.65 billion from $ 2.41 billion . 
`` Let 's close the door , '' said the judge as he climbed to his bench . 
He explains that companies with real estate give `` security . '' 
For example , in a special meeting Monday with Mr. Phelan , senior officials of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms complained that the exchange is no longer representing their interests . 
The line seems awfully thin for criminal-law purposes . 
But the UAL collapse , he says , `` may tell you it 's not going to work that easily . '' 
The shipyard 's 6.5 billion Finnish markka ( $ 1.54 billion ) backlog includes about 20 ships ordered by big international shippers , including three for Carnival Cruise Lines Inc . 
Recently , in Wollo province in the center of Ethiopia , Tigrean forces have killed , wounded and captured an additional 20,000 government troops . 
The companies will retain their current regular quarterly dividend of 25 cents during the sale process , Mr. Rothman said . 
Worse , it remained to a well-meaning but naive president of the United States to administer the final infamy upon those who fought and died in Vietnam . 
The statement said a 5 % jump in the `` Peter 's Pence '' collection -- the annual offering from Catholics to the pope -- helped cover the deficit . 
The TW buy-out may yet be financed . 
Some plan to pursue foreign development ventures , mostly in Europe . 
The reason is simple , Mr. Wyss says : `` Interest rates almost always decline during recession . '' 
They are based on dubious psychological and sociological theories rather than on educational experience . 
For example , disaster loans , which will go to small businesses and homeowners , offer credit as low as 4 % in some cases . 
In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Securities and Exchange Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the American , New York and Philadelphia stock exchanges and to the Chicago Board Options Exchange . 
Bank of England Governor Robin Leigh-Pemberton urged banks to be cautious in financing leveraged buy-outs . 
The agency , under his direction , bitterly fought a takeover attempt by WPP Group PLC of London before succumbing in May . 
After taking into account the fallout from the China crisis , the government has projected 1989 GDP growth of 5 % . 
He will remain chairman . 
`` They { BankAmerica } continue to show good performance , '' said Donald K. Crowley , an analyst with Keefe , Bruyette & Woods Inc. , San Francisco . 
Last year , a federal appeals court in St. Louis said the preamble was unconstitutional , citing an earlier Supreme Court ruling that states ca n't justify stricter abortion curbs by changing the definition of when life begins . 
By yesterday 's close of trading , it was good for a paltry $ 43.5 million . 
`` This raises questions whether futures and equity margin requirements are consistent at these levels and whether futures margins are adequate , '' Mr. Brady said . 
For last year 's fourth quarter , the company 's tax rate was less than 20 % , he said . 
( The company did n't put out a public announcement . 
There is no effective regulation of planners , no accepted standard for admission into their ranks -- a dog got into one trade group -- no way to assess their performance , no way even to know how many of them there are ( estimates range from 60,000 to 450,000 ) . 
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 . 
Some funds are posting yields far higher than the average . 
Another lifelong complication , as Phyllis Rose makes clear in `` Jazz Cleopatra : Josephine Baker in Her Time '' ( Doubleday , 321 pages , $ 22.50 ) , was racism . 
The banks said an application for a concession to merge into one entity to be called Den Norske Bank AS was sent Monday to the Finance Ministry . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index fell 0.44 to 375.92 . 
At Lloyd 's of London , underwriters still scratch out policies using fountain pens and blotting paper . 
But he said , `` we have too many plants in our system . 
Allowing uncontrolled prices for necessities would indeed shorten the lines at stores , as he contends . 
In addition to the increased reserve , the savings bank took a special charge of $ 5 million representing general and administrative expenses from staff reductions and other matters , and it posted a $ 7.6 million reduction in expected mortgage servicing fees , reflecting the fact that more borrowers are prepaying their mortgages . 
He wants to continue being a low-paid private eye , and she wants him to live off the million dollars she 's settled on him . 
With the nonferrous metals business undermined in Switzerland by tough foreign competition and high domestic costs , this looked like a dull undertaking . 
The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming , '' a dramatization about the former British spy who wrote the James Bond novels , and `` Treasure Island , '' produced by Charlton Heston , who also stars in the movie . 
The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals , the media and the imagination , but are full of practical pitfalls . 
Since the most-recent wave of friendly takeovers was completed in the U.S. in 1986 , there have been more than 100 mergers and acquisitions within the European paper industry , he said . 
Paris is currently phasing out fixed commissions under its `` Le Petit Bang '' plan . 
Yet these figures show only the most visible part of the problem . 
Scores of other credit programs , subsidizing agriculture , small business , exporters , defense , energy , transportation and others , are less visible but in no better shape . 
Prosecutors depict a company that allegedly sat on damaging evidence of overcharges from 1983 to 1985 , despite warnings from an internal auditor . 
The biggest change in Northeast 's offer was in improvements made for equity holders who had been given short shrift previously . 
On the plus side , Genentech is benefiting from a lower tax rate due to its research outlays , giving a boost to earnings , she said . 
Financing plans include raising $ 170 million in debt secured by the company 's holdings in New Jersey . 
Instead of banning such shopping , the confederation proposed amending controls to be sure the privilege is n't abused ... . 
`` It can backfire because companies can step across the line and go too far , be too pushy , '' agrees Gary Stibel , a principal with New England Consulting Group , Westport , Conn . 
Which , it should be added , does n't prevent the charities from raking in a lot of money anyway . 
Campeau 's financial situation is complicated by an estimated $ 1.23 billion in debt due next spring . 
Today 's most widely used data-storing chips have `` volatile '' memories -- their data disappear if they are n't fed a steady diet of electricity , so they need external power supplies . 
For each $ 1,000 of notes , the maker of specialty metals , industrial fasteners and consumer products will pay $ 1,026.46 plus $ 8.68 of interest accrued from Dec. 1 . 
For Mr. Kageyama to argue that American employees must passively accept a direct imposition of the Japanese way of doing things is outright cultural chauvinism of the first order . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 100 28\/32 to yield 8.04 % , compared with 101 19\/32 to yield 7.97 % Monday . 
This legislative activity comes as both sides are undertaking new mobilization efforts , plunging into gubernatorial races in Virginia and New Jersey , and girding for next autumn 's state elections . 
As a result of an erroneous IRS levy on a bank account , a taxpayer may incur administrative and overdraft charges . 
Mr. Lewis said the company marked price tags and advertised at its `` lowest possible prices '' for all its merchandise to reduce public confusion . 
In this niche , makeup colors change seasonally because they are linked to ready-to-wear fashions . 
Mr. Wood has been president and chief executive of Steep Rock Resources Inc . 
Mine comes from seeing thriving communities devastated -- but only temporarily . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
`` We 're saying companies have to pay increasing attention to balance sheets , '' said Mr. Kerschner . 
So too , according to many reports , is British Airways PLC , despite its public withdrawal from the buy-out . 
If the setting is exotic , the prose is closer to Balzac 's `` Pere Goriot '' than it is to `` Arabian Nights . '' 
Is an American Secretary of State seriously suggesting that the Khmer Rouge should help govern Cambodia ? 
Radio stations provided an emergency number for people who smelled gas but did n't know how to turn off their gas supply . 
`` To the professionals in the trade it did n't cause much surprise . 
Adults have had access to the only approved antiviral drug since 1987 . 
And plays . 
He softened the talk about a recession . 
$ 675,400,000 . 
Mr. Greenspan said the inflation rate , currently about 4 1\/2 % , `` could be brought down to levels which are close to zero without putting the economy into a recession , but I do suspect that there might be some modest loss of economic output . '' 
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval . 
Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani ; Mr. Cristiani 's government is very much at the mercy of U.S. largess and is forced to listen very carefully to Sen. Dodd 's likes and dislikes . 
Pittston seeks changes in health and pension benefits , among other things . 
But proponents believe they may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in portraying the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights . 
The Continental markets alone contribute about 14.3 % of estimated world market capitalization of $ 9.671 trillion . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share . 
Almost all capital-improvement programs announced by major steelmakers within the past year involve building electrogalvanizing lines , used to produce steel for such products as household appliances and car doors . 
Graduate students are taking longer than ever to get their doctor of philosophy degrees , the National Research Council says . 
Mr. Shilling understands Mr. Straszheim 's problems . 
But GM officials said they , too , were surprised by the move , which left them to `` consider all our options and explore matters further . '' 
Foreign Presence 
Mr. Nastro is chairman of the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange in New York and director of commodity administration at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.55 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 59 days ; 8.40 % 60 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days . 
The carriers were competing fiercely for market share . 
After reportedly investing $ 100 million in the business , Discovision ceased manufacturing operations in 1982 and sold many of its assets to Tokyo-based Pioneer , among others . 
Outstanding contracts are those that remain to be liquidated . 
Because it operates on a fiscal year , Bear Stearns 's yearly filings are available much earlier than those of other firms . 
That gives them both the threat of a strike and the ability to resist any wage concessions that may be necessary to make a transaction work . 
General Universal Stores , another top-tier stock hit recently by concerns over retail demand in the face of high interest rates , gained 20 to # 10.44 . 
The reactions stem from the fact that the vaccine contains multiple copies of the whole Bordetella pertussis bacterium , which causes whooping cough . 
It then determines which machine is free to do the task most quickly and sends the task to that machine . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
The notebook , the TI Model 12 , will be priced at $ 4,199 . 
`` This , '' says Ms. Peterson , `` is what it 's all about . '' 
The San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals also has been providing medical care , food , water and foster homes for quake-displaced animals . 
Logic plays a minimal role here . 
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably . 
If foreign tourists and businesses could sell their currencies freely at the new , better exchange rate , that would enable the State Bank to increase its dollar reserves and would mop up some of the excess rubles in the economy at the same time . 
Insurers could see claims totaling nearly $ 1 billion from the San Francisco earthquake , far less than the $ 4 billion from Hurricane Hugo . 
Of the funds that fared the worst in the post-Oct . 13 week , two are heavily invested in airlines stocks , which led the market slide following problems with financing for the UAL Corp . buy-out plan . 
Mr. Alito said his office `` just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . '' 
Boston Co. , the upper-crust financial services concern that was rocked by a management scandal late last year , has had a sharp drop in profitability -- mainly because a high-risk bet on interest rates backfired . 
Mr. Spinney is a permanent Pentagon official . 
Not-held orders , which are also known as `` disregard the tape '' orders , are always done at the customer 's risk . 
The company offers more than 3,500 parts and supplies directly to microcomputer and minicomputer users through catalog sales . 
What it does n't say is that the entire `` campaign '' may be the fund-raising letter itself . 
As a result , competitors say Renaissance has been looking for any opportunity to return to the stock market , rather than risk losing business by continuing to remain fully invested in Treasury bills . 
At that point domestic sales will slow down , '' says Kim Yoon Kwon , director of marketing for Daewoo Motor . 
Mr. Paul quickly became more aggressive in his collecting , with the help of George Wachter , a Sotheby 's expert in old masters whom he met at an exhibition of the Guterman items . 
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up . 
On the week , UAL was down nearly 40 % . 
The changes have n't come easy . 
The consumer price index rose 0.2 % in September , while many economists were looking for a 0.4 % increase . 
In other words , if there 's a problem , do n't expect Citibank to come to the rescue . 
In Brooklyn and the Bronx , one out of four commercial firms is burglarized each year . 
Pershare net fell to 4.97 yen from 5.40 yen . 
`` Now you go to districts , you 're likely to get candidates whose views are more extreme , white and black , on racial issues . '' 
Mr. Lothson of PaineWebber said the company 's sales pace has been picking up largely because the effect of unfavorable exchange rates has been easing -- a pattern continuing this quarter . 
`` Every time you thought it was going into a rally it gave up , and every time you thought it would rally it came down . 
Stock-index arbitrage buy programs -- in which traders buy stock against offsetting positions in futures to lock in price differences -- helped the rally 's momentum . 
At the same time , some congressional liberals will accuse Sens. Boren and Cohen of wimping out , and they will warn that the lawmakers ' concessions raise the specter of more internationally embarrassing covert operations like the mining of Nicaraguan harbors and the Iran arms sales . 
In the bidding war for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , United Illuminating Co. raised its proposed offer to one it valued at $ 2.29 billion from $ 2.19 billion , apparently topping all other bidders . 
And with the quiet pragmatism of Mr. Guzman Cabrera replacing the prickly populism of La Quina , government technocrats have been given a free hand to open the petrochemical sector to wider private and foreign investment . 
`` This is designed to get the wagons in a circle and defend the smoking franchise . '' 
Revenue jumped 5.6 % to $ 2.9 billion from $ 2.8 billion in the year-ago quarter . 
The committee gave the government until Nov. 15 to revise the proposal . 
And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal to scandal on gridiron and basketball court , while the casualties mount . 
Mr. Bush said he would allow the bill to become law without his signature , because he said only a constitutional amendment can protect the flag adequately . 
On his off-hours he wears cardigan sweaters . 
Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico , Mr. Demler says . 
Drexel 's efforts to settle its legal troubles are being resisted by at least 10 states . 
In May , Mr. Brierley 's stake shrank to 8.7 % after ranging between 9 % and 11 % for much of the previous year . 
Today , Mr. Lang believes his magazines will offer what many women 's magazines do n't . 
Friday 's strong price gains confirmed a turnaround in the precious metals markets , according to PaineWebber 's Mr. Frawley . 
Lion Nathan issued a statement saying it is applying to Australia 's National Companies & Securities Commission , the nation 's corporate watchdog agency , for a modification to takeover regulations `` similar to that obtained by '' S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd . 
Hand-holding is becoming an investment-banking job requirement . 
`` There has to be better coordination on a regulatory basis , '' said Christopher Pedersen , director of trading at Twenty-First Securities Corp . 
Some 50 % expect real estate in their local area to increase in value over the next 12 months . 
Thus , even including the latest week , the average general stock fund has soared more than 24 % so far this year , the Lipper Analytical figures show . 
Mr. Grauer said $ 2 billion of that is used in active index arbitrage . 
The bid created such a furor that Fujitsu said it is now offering to withdraw from the project . 
DFC asked the central bank to appoint managers after it revised loan-loss provisions to around the same level of shareholders ' funds of 180 million New Zealand dollars ( US$ 105.4 million ) . 
Brokers around the country say the reaction from individual investors this week has been almost eerie . 
In August , Mr. Lewis pleaded guilty to three felony counts . 
The standard of living has increased steadily over the past 40 years ; more than 90 % of the people consider themselves middle class . 
The State Department denied asylum to a Vietnamese man who escaped from his homeland by lashing himself to the rudder housing of a tanker for two days in monsoon seas . 
In addition to not needing an outside power source , they are potentially cheaper to make because they require fewer manufacturing steps than conventional chips . 
There also are reports from several labs , as yet unpublished , of missing p53 genes in tissue taken from kidney , brain and skin cancers . 
Investors lack equal access to the markets ' trading arena and its information . 
In making Malcolm and Nora such wonderfully representative specimens of their class and generation , Ms. Zeidner has somewhat neglected the task of making them distinctively individual characters . 
Despite all these innovations , most of the diamonds are still found in the sand swept away by the men wielding shovels and brushes -- the ignominiously named `` bedrock sweepers '' who toil in the wake of the excavators . 
The FM radio band , considered technically superior because it can carry stereo broadcasts , has cornered the airwaves for delivering music . 
`` He probably was the smartest guy who ever sat on our bench , '' says a former president of Cambria County 's 150-member bar association , who , like most lawyers in Cambria County , refuses to talk about the judge publicly . 
According to news reports , the abrupt termination was due to fears that VOA transmissions could interfere with the peace process . 
The account had been at Della Femina McNamee WCRS , New York . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares . 
Some found it on the screen of a personal computer . 
Dee Ann Wilson 
Caltrans reinforced the highway in 1977 as part of a $ 55 million statewide project , using steel cables to tie the decks of the freeway to the columns and prevent the structure from swaying in a quake . 
David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president and assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages and consumer products . 
Separately , the Labor Department reported that average weekly earnings rose 0.3 % in September , after adjusting for inflation , following a 0.7 % decline in August . 
Northeast 's previous offer had proposed that equity holders receive just $ 165 million . 
A new dwelling would cost $ 21 million , Location Management found , compared with $ 22 million to make the present building earthquake-proof . 
Thus at the recent governors ' conference on education , Gov. Bill Clinton of Arkansas announced that `` this country needs a comprehensive child-development policy for children under five . '' 
The CBOE , American Stock Exchange , Options Clearing Corp. and Stephen Fossett , owner of Fossett , joined in putting up $ 50 million to guarantee the accounts at First Options . 
Mr. Trivelpiece , 58 years old , succeeds William Bolger , who died in August . 
The new S&L law allows the RTC to issue notes for as much as 85 % of the value of the assets it holds . 
For the nine months , Polaroid reported earnings of $ 98.5 million , or $ 1.27 a share . 
`` Sometimes , '' he says , `` we 'll pull someone off the phones for more training . '' 
The September figures are due to be released this week . 
In the year-earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share . 
Mr. Toney also declined to comment . 
-- Mortgage securities fell 7\/32 to 8\/32 but held up better than intermediate Treasurys . 
And the total amount of junk financing will be reduced . 
There 's either more to come or an extremely long period of dullness . '' 
His Republican counterpart , Sen. Warren Rudman ( R. , N.H. ) , has used his position to wage a legislative war with the conservative board of the Legal Services Corp . 
Advertisers will be offered an advertising package , which for a single price , will include time on the CNBC program and ad pages in the special guides . 
A SEC proposal to ease reporting requirements for some company executives would undermine the usefulness of information on insider trades as a stock-picking tool , individual investors and professional money managers contend . 
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi-tech powerhouses is only half right . 
When , however , he decides to be modern , or more accurately , when he decides to be trendy , the results are far less satisfactory . 
The report says that `` the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations . '' 
This seems to be happening now to limited partnerships , many of which either have gone into the tank in recent years or have otherwise been grievous disappointments . 
Partners in the survey who devote most of their time to practicing law earned an average of about $ 217,000 . 
Asked to say a few words , he pulls out his crumpled piece of paper and tries to talk , but he 's too choked up to get the words out . 
Others said that the drop continued the downward correction that 's been due in the petroleum pits and that such a trend could well continue in the next several trading sessions . 
Revenue rose 23 % to $ 100 million from $ 81.6 million . 
One chemist privately suggested this hinted that some `` anomalous '' chemical reactions might be producing the heat . 
It added another 5 % Monday before stocks rallied . 
All rights Reserved . 
However , these faults are not the exclusive property of modern comedies , and I believe Mr. Knight errs when he attempts to link this modern phenomenon too closely to a single category of movie making . 
The officials said the meeting agreed to continue working toward `` streamlining '' Cocom 's restricted products list , and to improve procedures for punishing companies that do n't comply with the export restrictions . 
`` He recently bid $ 30,000 at a Paris charity auction for a dinner cooked by six of the world 's great chefs , but the final party cost closer to $ 100,000 . '' 
`` In fact , savings and loans were sellers of high yield holdings throughout the quarter , '' Deltec said . 
This leads to a very special sense of urgency . 
When the IAFP recently assembled other industry groups to discuss common standards that might be applied to planners , Mr. Gargan 's group was excluded . 
At first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions , but when no orders were logged in August and September , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months . 
The publishing unit reported revenue edged up 2.6 % to $ 263.2 million from $ 256.6 million . 
Until 1963 , it was good soil . 
Mobil Corp. is preparing to slash the size of its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , say individuals familiar with the company 's strategy . 
Other opponents of Filipino come from non-Tagalog regions . 
By contrast , surgical abortion is 99 % effective . 
Erwin Tomash , the 67-year-old founder of this maker of data communications products and a former chairman and chief executive , resigned as a director . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
With nearly 4,000 machines in use , there have been no salmonella problems as long as instructions were followed , Mr. Maynard boasts . 
The two sides also traded accusations about the cost of the Packwood plan . 
`` We continue to believe the position we 've taken is reasonable , '' a Morgan Stanley official said . 
As the strike enters its 15th day today , some members are getting nervous , the spokesman conceded , but the majority of the 55,000 Machinists are prepared to `` wait it out as long as it takes . 
The other bidders , New England Electric System , Westboro , Mass. , and PS of New Hampshire , did n't change the value of their bids , although PS of New Hampshire changed its rate proposal . 
`` When I saw the Lexus sales projections , I got worried , '' confesses Takashi Oka , who led the Infiniti development team . 
In addition , delivery delays for the first two of as many as 28 Boeing 747-400s that the carrier has ordered have raised costs because personnel had been hired to man the planes . 
HLR : 
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 . 
Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said . 
But it appears that many Journal readers were taking that news as a sign to be cautious , rather than a signal to jump on the bandwagon . 
When industries were weak , it protected them . 
As thanks , the egg industry tried to break him . 
As we will see , many of these obligations do n't show up as part of the federal deficit . 
Generally they maintain that , barring a recession and a further strengthening of the dollar against foreign currencies , the industry is n't headed for a prolonged slump . 
When you think of the words `` risk '' and `` investment , '' what 's the specific peril that comes to mind ? 
In the 1970s , Mr. Brody helped develop the first display panels based on active-matrix liquid crystals at Westinghouse Electric Corp. 's research labs in Pittsburgh . 
Higher-income people also tend to be more brand loyal these days , the Journal survey and other research studies indicate . 
Rated Ba-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
`` Apparently the commission did not really believe in this ideal . '' 
But the computer did n't play Mr. Short 's ninth move , a key pawn thrust , and its position deteriorated rapidly . 
The highest patent damage award to date was in 1986 , when Smith International Inc. was ordered to pay $ 205 million to Baker Hughes Inc. for infringing on a patent on an oil drilling bit seal . 
The companies said Pace would ill continue to operate under its present management . 
Time Warner reported a $ 176 million loss for the third quarter , reflecting the cost of the recent merger and a method of accounting for the deal . 
Federal , on its own , had n't been doing very well overseas . 
The holding company will be called BanPonce Corp . 
Five years of rapid expansion under American Brands , with an emphasis on marketing the agency 's services instead of improving them , had hurt Pinkerton 's profits , Mr. Wathen claims . 
The department also said it takes four months to establish a trend . 
`` And short-term , the technicians may have their way . '' 
In fiscal 1989 , P&G earned $ 3.56 a share , adjusted for the stock split . 
And while it 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 1989 Christmas season , some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush . 
Reflecting the new-found interest , more than 140 U.S. companies are taking part in a Moscow exhibition organized by Mr. Forrester 's trade group . 
At the Baltimore firm of Weinberg & Green , new corporate and banking associates are required to enroll in a 20-class course . 
Two left-wing politicians , Socialist Leonel Brizola , a former governor of Rio de Janeiro state , and Marxist-leaning Luis Inacio da Silva , currently are running neck and neck at about 15 % , and three other candidates are given a chance of reaching the Dec. 17 runoff election between the two biggest vote-getters : Social Democrat Mario Covas and two conservatives , Paulo Salim Maluf , a former governor of the state of Sao Paulo , and Guilherme Afif Domingos . 
Often , Mr. Dinkins 's procrastination prevented him from having a say in the way things turned out , critics claim . 
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half-an-hour of non-flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer . 
Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to provide ad pages in seven Meredith magazines , publish an interior-decorating book that will be distributed at point of purchase , give away a videotape on installation pointers , and possibly use Meredith 's Better Homes and Gardens ' residential real-estate agents to distribute discount-coupon books to new homeowners . 
He declined to elaborate . 
The average interest rate fell to 8.292 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.483 % at last week 's sale . 
A good Delicious can indeed be delicious . 
During World War II , her uncomplicated view of life led her to the conclusion that the Nazis were evil and must be resisted , a decision made by only about 2 % of French citizens . 
He then ousted President Nicholas Ardito Barletta , a former World Bank official with close ties to the U.S. , after Mr. Barletta tried to create a commission to investigate the murder . 
It belly-flopped anyway . 
But the Japanese insist upon Japanese managers everywhere they set up shop . 
American Brands Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 13 % , reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and distilled spirits businesses . 
Such a policy implies that only a black politician can speak for a black person , and that only a white politician can govern on behalf of a white one . 
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one . 
Mr. Arafat publicly renounced terrorism Dec. 15 , satisfying the U.S. precondition for a direct `` dialogue '' with the PLO . 
Anti-nuclear activists took a less positive view . 
It was offered as an expression of cooperation to Mr. Gonzalez , who is investigating the $ 2.5 billion failure of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association . 
Some analysts predict that in the absence of market-moving news to push the U.S. unit sharply higher or lower , the currency is likely to drift below 1.80 marks this week . 
Morton Downey Jr. , who self-destructed as a talk-show host and frequently verbally abused his guests , has been signed to co-host a half-hour nightly program on the Consumer News and Business Channel , the cable channel partly owned by the General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co . 
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage-grinder . 
But then , he says , they put two loaded pistols to his temple and demanded he open the safe . 
Supporters of poison pills argue that their adoption forces bidders to negotiate with a corporation 's directors , who are thereby put in a better position to pursue the long-term interests of the corporation . 
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less . 
American Airlines will expand its trans-Atlantic service 30 % beginning next year with six new daily flights between the U.S. and Europe , officials announced yesterday . 
Nevertheless , the increasing likelihood that these two major supply disruptions will be resolved weighed on the market , the analysts agreed . 
`` This is a democratic process -- you ca n't slam-dunk anything around here . '' 
Among them are the shipbuilders , which had halved their shipyard work forces to cut costs during a prolonged slump in demand but now are capturing an increased share of the strengthening global market . 
CBS News , which as recently as two years ago fired hundreds of its employees in budget cutbacks , now hires featured actors beginning at $ 2,700 a week . 
The defendants were indicted two years ago on charges that they conspired to defraud five thrifts of more than $ 130 million through a complicated scheme to inflate the price of land and condominium construction along Interstate 30 , east of Dallas . 
ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer and the brief battle -- unlike the intricate and lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over . 
9.88 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
The company also has a stock-repurchase plan . 
To start , there 's always a crisis -- and someone always worries , `` What if the press gets a hold of this ? '' 
`` Those who are on the other side can hardly oppose alternative funding if they continue to insist on calling themselves ` pro-choice ' rather than ` pro-abortion , ' '' says Mary Spaulding , the group 's associate state legislative coordinator . 
But Congress still could resolve the issue with other legislation this year or next , Starr adds . 
`` It 's hard to know whether it was intended to be funny , '' says the East Berlin shopkeeper , `` But everyone I know laughed about it . 
If the strong yen and the high stock prices of Japanese companies were n't deterrents enough , webs of cross-shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would-be acquirers . 
HomeFed had been one of the handful of large West Coast thrifts that in recent quarters had counteracted interest-rate problems dogging the industry by keeping a lid on problem assets and lending heavily into the furious California housing market . 
Milton B. Hollander , 60 years old , was named chief executive officer , succeeding Barrett B. Weekes . 
Printed in the U.S. and carrying the line `` The Insider 's Japan , '' Business Tokyo 's October cover story was `` The World 's No. 1 Customer '' -- Japanese women . 
Last Sunday , Ms. Johnson finally got a chance to water her plants , but stopped abruptly . 
Still , a few individual companies , most likely smaller ones , could be devastated . 
Little known outside the legal world but a powerhouse within , Litigation Sciences , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi PLC , employs more than 100 psychologists , sociologists , marketers , graphic artists and technicians . 
After allegations surfaced in a 1985 divorce contest that he had beaten his wife , SEC enforcement chief John Fedders retreated to a Trappist monastery in rural Virginia . 
So he asked the IRS if the plan would work . 
Mazda has the Bongo truck and , under its Autozam nameplate , a `` microvan '' called the Scrum . 
What 's more , it represents an important step for the Alley Theater . 
In other stock-market news , the Tokyo Stock Exchange said that for the week ended Friday , the balance of margin buying rose 189.8 billion yen ( $ 1.34 billion ) , to 7.160 trillion yen ( $ 50.46 billion ) . 
Merieux previously said it would ensure its bid remained open pending a final decision by Canadian regulators on whether to approve the takeover . 
Mr. Krenz does n't seem to be the knee-jerk hardliner many initially thought he was when the 52-year-old Politburo member was selected last week to succeed Erich Honecker . 
Once again the company 's future looked less than rosy . 
Mr. Percival will be succeeded on an interim basis by George Kadonada , US Facilities chairman and president . 
Last year 's results included earnings from discontinued operations of $ 13.1 million , or 19 cents a share . 
The contract provides additional equipment for Northrop , the prime contractor on the missile , and also supports a 1990 purchase of 90 missiles for follow-on flight tests . 
The company , for its part , maintains that many of the disputed documents are privileged attorney-client communications that should n't be turned over to prosecutors . 
With a new day dawning on the sport , Mr. Jones does n't see a place for this sort of luxury . 
But unlike the Tokyo exchange , they failed to extend the rise to a second session . 
RJR 's subordinated discount debentures of 2001 , which traded as low as 45 Friday , finished the day at 46 7\/8 . 
Net interest income for the third quarter declined to $ 35.6 million from $ 70.1 million a year ago . 
If the railroad is valued on a private market basis -- at the same multiple of earnings as in the recent sale of CNW -- it would have a value of $ 1.65 billion . 
Executives of Citicorp and Chase Manhattan declined to comment on either the UAL situation , or on the changing nature of banks ' role in financing takeovers . 
The fish often are plentiful around the pilings of the old gas wells that dot the flat surface like the remains of sunken ships . 
The harvest delays , however , are expected to be temporary . 
He points out that institutions buying asset-backed issues in large quantities can earn higher spreads over Treasurys than individuals buying smaller amounts . 
Profits of Shell , a subsidiary of the Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , tumbled $ 24 million , or 6.6 % , to $ 340 million , despite a gain of $ 30 million from an insurance settlement . 
But even though Tokyo appears unharmed by recent market volatility , analysts and traders say there are still a few concerns on the horizon . 
Projects in the talking or blueprint stage would add a further 48,000 rooms . 
Aftereffects of the 1987 stock market crash head the list of reasons . 
PROCTER & GAMBLE CO. , Cincinnati-based company 's Folgers Coffee plant in South San Francisco was closed following the earthquake , no injuries or major damage , other plants around country can make up for any lost production . 
`` It 's hard to imagine how the markets were speculating , given that nobody could get through to San Francisco , '' said one amazed oil company executive . 
For the more than 43 million Americans with disabilities , the 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act provides the missing piece . 
`` Right now , Federated owes us a considerable amount of money , '' says Morris Marmalstein , president of David Warren Enterprises , a major dress manufacturer . 
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said . 
Once activated , the card would sit in the car 's window , showing traffic wardens how much time the motorist could remain . 
Still to come are big issues by Bindal Agro Chem Ltd. , a petrochemical and agrochemical company , and Usha Rectifier Corp . ( India ) , a semiconductor maker . 
By this month , it had more than doubled . 
But the company has had weak results so far this year , with earnings declining 43 % to $ 13.7 million , or $ 1.43 a share , on a 4 % decline in revenue to $ 713.5 million through the first nine months of the year . 
Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading . 
No major booms , no major setbacks , '' he predicts . 
Mr. Ireland said 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA also said it plans to sell , beginning in 1992 , have a current half-life value of about $ 34 million each , or a total $ 374 million , raising aggregate potential proceeds from the aircraft sale to about $ 1.02 billion . 
Yet in 1989 , retail participation has been more than 20 % in every month , and was 23.5 % in August , the latest month for which figures are available . 
Total Assets Protection Inc. , rebounding from its earlier loss , expects to report earnings from operations of about $ 200,000 for the third quarter , J.C. Matlock , chairman , said . 
A week ago , USAir stock briefly soared above 52 after a report in USA Today that Mr. Steinhardt might launch a hostile bid for the carrier , though takeover speculators say they were skeptical . 
But one far-afield effect is still with us . 
The latest rebate is good for all Beretta models . 
The district , built on landfill , suffered heavy quake damage , including collapsed buildings . 
But the low average volatility Mr. Phelan is talking about is n't any comfort in a period of rapid stock-market moves like the past week . 
`` The big word around Specialized is passion , '' says Erik Eidsmo , a former ski-industry executive whom Mr. Sinyard recruited from Citicorp to run marketing and sales . 
One auto-industry union leader said , `` If they try to build it somewhere else { in Europe } besides the U.K. , they are going to be in big trouble '' with unionists over any Jaguar deal . 
The response rate , more than 63 % , allows the results to be interpreted with a high degree of confidence . 
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 interest-free loan from an officer of the defunct defense contractor . 
You have to beat everyone around the world , '' says Mr. Dennis . 
Then the 20th century saw the evolution of private-sector wonder drugs , which promulgated medical therapy . 
Mr. Friend says he passed that along to his adversary , and soon they were talking about the ground rules under which Derr could keep its money and the plaintiffs could take a shot at Mr. Alexander . 
`` Traders five feet from each other were making bids and offers that were a full point apart , '' said one S&P 500 broker . 
Bloomingdale 's plans to sell a foot-tall chocolate model of the center during the holidays . 
Then the state put in a reservoir to supply the area with drinking water . 
This film did emphasize how long the Israeli\/Palestinian stalemate has existed by tracing the conflict to the days of World War I when the British tried to guarantee both a Jewish state and a Palestinian state without specifying how it was to be done . 
Home Nutritional Services Inc. , a wholly owned subsidiary of Healthdyne Inc. , proposed initial offering of four million common shares , of which 1.8 million will be sold by Home Nutritional Services and 2.2 million will be sold by Healthdyne , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
At Quotron , the company 's National Call-In Center , which swung into action for the first time last month for Hurricane Hugo , assembled a tactical team at 5 a.m. yesterday to begin rerouting lines and restore service to brokers and traders . 
More important , the CD was purchased on the secondary , or resale , market . 
It may have been painted instead by a Rubens associate . 
So glasnost is not a value woven with steel threads into the fabric of Russian society . 
The average publicly offered commodity fund fell 4.2 % in September , largely because of the volatile markets in foreign currencies , according to Norwood Securities . 
The meeting is expected to call for heightened austerity for two years . 
Revenue : $ 899.6 million 
The reversal came after the government conceded that investigators may have faked evidence . 
He blames imports . 
The lists total $ 654.5 million . 
The conditions include not misrepresenting how many directories will be distributed , and agreeing to make refunds to directory advertisers if any misrepresentations are involved in the sale . 
International investigators urged Britain to allow prosecution of suspected Nazi war criminals who took refuge there after 1945 . 
Mexico exported an average of 1,296,800 barrels of crude oil a day at an average of $ 15.31 a barrel during 1989 's first eight months for a total of $ 4.82 billion , Petroleos Mexicanos S.A. said . 
The real estate investment trust said the `` purported class action suit , '' seeks `` damages and other remedies under federal securities law and state law . '' 
Mortgage securities gained 3\/32 to 9\/32 point after a hectic session , with Government National Mortgage Association 8 % securities as the standout issue . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : 
The company 's ability to respond to energy needs world-wide will be enhanced through a recently announced venture with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , Mr. Lego said . 
The decision was announced after trading ended . 
Wilmer , Cutler & Pickering , the Washington , D.C. , law firm that spent over $ 1 million fighting the execution of mass-murderer Ted Bundy -- who eventually was executed -- has taken on another death penalty case before the Supreme Court , this time on the side of the family of four murder victims in Arkansas . 
The charge represents a write-down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well . 
Great Northern Nekoosa said , `` The odds of the dire predictions about us being right are small . '' 
Nissan instead has kept its new Stanza a bit smaller than that and cut the base price 6 % ; at $ 11,450 , Stanza prices start $ 749 below the predecessor model yet have a more-powerful engine . 
A slight recovery in the stock market gave currency traders confidence to push the dollar higher before the unit dropped back by day 's end . 
Short interest in International Business Machines Corp. plunged to 1,425,035 shares from 2,387,226 shares a month earlier . 
`` We wanted to show it 's okay if you fall , '' says Ms. Dillmann . 
In the Senate , Majority Whip Alan Cranston used his position to win not only the expanded credit but also more generous treatment than the House had permitted in the distribution of highway funds in the next six months . 
The ceiling would be lifted to 21.5 million barrels to provide Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates much higher official quotas while reducing percentage shares of some others . 
That may leave a lot of leeway for U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland to decide what , if anything , the pilots actually collect . 
Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk , accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high-yield , high-risk market . 
Mr. Orr could n't be reached for comment yesterday . 
On Friday , the Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 15.82 at 2681.76 . 
-- WSJ Business Bulletin ) 
`` I know it 's not over , '' a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 and inviting them to a buffet of salmon and sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio . 
Tuesday 's notable losers were highpriced shares such as Pioneer , which shed 210 yen to 5,900 yen . 
Macmillan said Berlitz intends to pay quarterly dividends on the stock . 
They also established an office to control government and party finances . 
Use of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law against white-collar defendants , as opposed to alleged organized-crime figures , has come under attack from some defense lawyers and legal scholars . 
On the other hand , Nissan 's sales goals for Infiniti are modest compared with Toyota 's targets for Lexus . 
But the brewer said Jeffrey Coors voluntarily gave up the position to focus more of his energy on Coors Technology Co. , a small unit of Coors he has run for several years . 
For the nine months , Eastern had net income of $ 41.8 million , or $ 1.80 a share , up 23 % from $ 33.9 million or $ 1.46 a share a year ago . 
He had worked with Mr. McDonough on an earlier project and recruited him as architect for the trade center . 
`` The programs have arthritis , '' says Rep. Henry Hyde , a conservative Republican from Illinois . 
In compact and subcompact cars , the bread-and-butter sales generators for Japanese auto makers , Nissan still trails Toyota and Honda . 
The convertible preferred will pay dividends at 7.875 % and be convertible into shares of Citizens First at a rate equal to 20 % above the average closing price of the stock during a 20-day period prior to the transaction 's completion . 
`` Who knows how much they 'll be worth 100 years from now ? '' 
Mr. Evans had been the de facto head of MGM\/UA for months . 
Speculative investors , betting on an imminent clash between Ford and GM , pushed up Jaguar 's share price five pence ( eight U.S. cents ) to a near-record 720 pence ( $ 11.60 ) in late trading on London 's stock exchange yesterday . 
One of the more bizarre garden stories since Eden has been unfolding for four years now , in the private paper-and-crayon fantasies of artist Jennifer Bartlett . 
If the Legislature does n't repeal the law , due for revision in 1990 , Mr. Jones says Humana may move its insurance operations , including 3,000 jobs in Louisville , to another state . 
On a demonstration board , emcee Shelby Lyman showed a quick kill initiated by a knight sacrifice ; no spectator refuted this line of play . 
Some equipment going to work is almost new . 
Back in New York the work day was already over , so I did n't have to feel guilty . 
Investors , trying to raise cash , have sold `` large liquid issues '' such as RJR Holdings Corp. and Kroger Co. ; declines in these benchmark issues have contributed to the market 's distress . 
What 's worrying her supporters is that the economic cycle may be out of kilter with the political timetable . 
For such products as canned vegetables and athletic shoes , devotion to a single brand was quite low , with fewer than 30 % saying they usually buy the same brand . 
HOT TOPIC : 
Silver , however is in a deeper slump than are gold and platinum . 
In December 1988 , Messrs. Peltz and May sold their stock in Triangle Industries Inc. , a packaging company they controlled , to Pechiney Corp. of France . 
`` Everybody is worried about the possibility of cancellations , '' says Kurt Barnard , publisher of Barnard 's Retail Marketing Report . 
The picture for China 's exports is just as bleak , mainly because of the domestic credit squeeze . 
At Backer Spielvogel , Mr. Spielvogel 's hallmark has been personal involvement with all major clients . 
For instance , the insured municipal bonds that dominate the older couple 's portfolio were probably selected in large part for their low repayment risk . 
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month . 
Alan Murray contributed to this article . 
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising . 
Mr. Guber got his start in the movie business at Columbia two decades ago . 
He said the toy company 's `` prospects for a strong fourth quarter '' are also good . 
Mr. Yanes said the film , One Film , is currently carried at about 15,000 retail outlets , including drugstores and supermarkets . 
The buy-back `` is really a comfort to those who want to buy the stock that there is a { price } floor , '' he said . 
Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services . 
`` On the close '' can be added to many types of orders . 
A Realist official said the company had n't yet received the full complaint and would n't have a response until it had an opportunity to review it . 
The world had a big yuk recently when the Soviets reported a rash of UFO landings , one of them bringing tall aliens who glowed in the dark to Voronezh . 
Mr. Parker spins it into a pretty satisfying tale involving Poodle Springs high life , Hollywood low life and various folk who hang their hats in both worlds . 
The upshot ? 
The $ 5.9 million payment was due Oct. 1 and the deadline for default was Oct. 19 . 
But the market is changing . 
In Panama , the U.S. interests at stake were happily minor ; the only people killed were foreigners hapless enough to trust American will . 
Bosses have big ears these days . 
`` Sometimes { traders } lose sight of that , '' he says . 
These problems also resulted in Sun reporting a $ 20.3 million loss for its fourth quarter ended June 30 . 
Folks in the Midwest who just suffered a mid-October snowstorm may wonder where the greenhouse was when they needed it , but let 's not be flippant about grave risks . 
Officials of Vauxhall Motors Ltd. , GM 's British unit , were meeting with union leaders late yesterday in hopes of winning such an accord . 
HUD Secretary Jack Kemp backed an unsuccessful effort to strike such language last week , but received little support from the White House budget office , which wants to protect space-station funding in the bill and has tended to turn its eyes from pork-barrel amendments . 
Interest rate 8.07 % 
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales . 
All the numbers are adjusted for seasonal fluctuations . 
DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . 
Seiren Co . ( Japan ) -- 
`` But they may pay a price 10 or 20 years in the future . '' 
Columbia Gas System Inc. , shelf offering of up to $ 200 million of debentures . 
NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , has n't decided on a permanent replacement for the canceled series . 
People are shooting for a dream . '' 
`` Our { computer } model has a certain trigger point , '' he said . 
To avoid this problem , government should issue credit only if it intends to use every legal method to collect . 
The guidelines also state , `` The government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
Units will cost from 500,000 to 3.5 million Australian dollars ( about US$ 386,000 to US$ 2.7 million ) . 
It attracts people with funny hair ( or with no hair -- in front of me a girl with spiked locks sat beside a boy who had shaved his ) . 
Dun & Bradstreet 's stock price began its recent spiral downward last Wednesday , when the company reported third-quarter results . 
B.A.T has declined to identify the potential bidders . 
`` That 's not what our fathers had in mind . '' 
Honeywell Inc. said it hopes to complete shortly the first of two sales of shares in its Japanese joint venture , Yamatake-Honeywell , for about $ 280 million . 
Courts and legislatures make decisions in very different ways and are each susceptible to very different kinds of errors . 
Scientists are only beginning to understand what causes sick-building syndrome and much of that research was unavailable when the Beebes filed the case , she said . 
Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . 
Corporate taxes paid for almost 12 % of federal spending in 1988 -- excluding Social Security -- compared with less than 8 % in the first half of the 1980s , the study found . 
Rail-transit operations suffered little damage , according to Albert Engelken , deputy executive director of the American Public Transit Association in Washington . 
For now , defense attorneys are tight-lipped about their plans . 
Sheraton and Pan Am said they are assured under the Soviet joint-venture law that they can repatriate profits from their hotel venture . 
Another federal agency not normally associated with disaster relief -- the Internal Revenue Service -- moved quickly as well . 
Housing starts sank 5.2 % in September to a seven-year low . 
Investment-grade corporate , municipal and mortgage-backed securities also fell . 
In the third quarter , the economy grew at a moderate 2.5 % annual rate . 
A Mint official says the agency offered to clean the coins for its `` bare-bones '' cost of $ 17,000 plus certain other expenses . 
In practice , the attorney general alleged in an affidavit , if an investor had access to cash `` the chances of being turned down by First Meridian were about as probable as being rejected by the Book-of-the-Month Club . '' 
Increasing personal spending and capital investment are fueling growth , the company said . 
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital-punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional . 
As a result , Frank Gaffney , a former Reagan Pentagon aide who now heads the Center for Security Policy , charges that the administration 's `` professions of continued commitment to development and deployment of the SDI program strain credulity . '' 
`` I do n't know of any news or anything unusual happening here , '' said Bruce Stoecklin , director of media services . 
His campaign was caught flat-footed amid allegations it paid almost $ 10,000 for what it said was a `` get-out-the-vote '' effort by black activist Sonny Carson , a convicted kidnapper who later said publicly that he is `` anti-white . '' 
There are still bulls out there . 
Other airline stocks fell in response to the UAL board 's decision to remain independent for now , including USAir Group , which separately reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.86 a share compared with a year-ago profit . 
One analyst said he thought the market continued to be supported to some degree by a delay in the Cuban sugar harvest caused by adverse weather . 
Also , the analyst said , economic circumstances are such that both South Africa and the Soviet Union , the principal gold and platinum producers , are being forced to continue selling the metals . 
These A 's , however , got few grades as low as B on their 1989 report card . 
Edward J. Campbell , economist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. , New York , noted that large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production in those areas . 
Likewise , mutual funds remained relatively flat until I made what was , for me , a serious investment . 
In fact , however , Mr. Reagan 's casual debasement of the office he so recently held raises issues about which Americans can actually do something . 
CRESTMONT FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION ( Edison , N.J. ) -- 
Housing is scarce and public services -- the court system , schools , mail service , telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition . 
Accord prices start at $ 12,345 . 
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic . 
Each 1,000 mark and 10,000 mark bond is convertible from Nov. 27 , 1989 , to March 21 , 1995 , at a price to be determined when terms are fixed Oct. 25 . 
In addition , he says , publishing the names of lawyers who are facing charges unnecessarily subjects them to public derogation . 
Both accounts reflect significant increases from fiscal 1989 , although the amount for peace-keeping shows a 27 % cut from the administration 's request . 
What now for Princeton\/Newport officials , Drexel and Mr. Milken ? 
Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less-creditworthy borrowers . 
The rejection by Aoun , who has demanded a total and immediate pull-out of Damascus 's 33,000 troops , puts the future of the agreement in doubt . 
Nekoosa closed yesterday at $ 42.75 , up $ 2.75 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The almanac will be making new friends and enemies on Oct. 27 , when an updated version will be released . 
`` The most important thing is that he have a chance . '' 
Fortunately , the nations of southern Africa have n't totally surrendered their sovereignty . 
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once-sacred workout . 
Financial markets quieted , with stock prices edging lower , bonds inching up and the dollar almost unchanged . 
This sum has been guarded jealously by appropriators anxious to offset spending elsewhere , and conservative Sen. Phil Gramm cast the fight as a populist stand against monied interests . 
Attorneys for Messrs. Burke and Evans and Ms. Clarke said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January . 
Personal spending rose 0.2 % in September , the smallest gain in a year . 
Insurance companies are rushing to sell before the end of the year , when some of their tax benefits associated with municipal bonds will be phased out . 
Some 34,320 fans jammed the stands , and shouted at the top of their lungs . 
His prominent role put him in the awkward position of challenging the very committee members on whom his state will be most dependent in the months ahead . 
There are moments in this `` Summerfolk '' when the characters populating the vast multilevel country house ( which looks like a parody of Frank Lloyd Wright and is designed by Victoria Petrovich ) spout philosophic bon mots with the self-conscious rat-a-tat-tat pacing of `` Laugh In . '' 
`` The cost of competition has become extremely high , '' he says . 
As thrifts sell assets to improve their capital-to-asset ratio , as required under the new law passed in August , they must also reduce liabilities , such as deposits . 
But the junk recovery , led by the bellwether RJR Holdings bonds , was precarious . 
`` I 've never seen so many { New York City } G.O. 's up for sale , '' said another trader . 
From Asia , he has mink jackets with floral patterns made by using different colored furs . 
The magazine Success , however , was for years lackluster and unfocused . 
`` I think if we had been allowed to go ahead then we would n't have the problems we have now , '' Mr. Sanford says . 
And `` shippers are getting the feeling that they have played one trucker off against another as much as they can , '' he said . 
Do you think the British know something that we do n't ? 
The notes will have a principal amount of $ 300 million at maturity . 
But the recent volatility in stock prices caused by the program trading has made some market makers less willing to soak up the stocks that are for sale . 
The sweeping measure incorporates $ 500 million in small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway-construction funds and $ 1.25 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
As for property and casualty insurers , Moody 's said `` preliminary estimates suggest that losses should not have a significant impact on most insurers ' financial condition , '' but it `` raises concerns about potentially substantial risks '' longer-term . 
Although IBM last year produced its first strong results in four years and was expected to continue to roll this year , it began faltering as early as January . 
Among the city 's banks , Bank of America said all but eight of its 850 branches were open . 
In fact , Ms. Baker played scenes in Casablanca that could have made it into `` Casablanca . '' 
But most of the drug money is kept in investments and in financial institutions outside Colombia . 
Raymond James & Associates in St. Petersburg , Fla. , lowered its third-quarter earnings estimate for the company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
Shearson , meanwhile , posted net income of $ 106 million for the first nine months of the year , down slightly from $ 110 million for the year-ago period . 
Its margin fell only seven basis points , or 7\/100ths of a percentage point , from a year ago , compared with a 13-point drop at Security Pacific Corp. and much larger declines among banks in other parts of the country . 
Bond prices continued to edge higher in anticipation of more news showing a slower economy . 
Never mind . 
Banco Exterior was one of the last banks to create a brokerage house before the four Spanish stock exchanges underwent sweeping changes in July . 
Because all operations are connected , one equipment failure forces a complete plant shutdown . 
`` What could have been better ? '' asks Mr. Engelken . 
`` The overnight success story is part of our culture , and our society puts an emphasis on it with lotteries and Ed McMahon making millionaires out of people , '' says Michael Cunningham , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky in Louisville . 
`` But he wanted to pursue his own dream , and he went . '' 
Both China and Taiwan are seeking seats in GATT , which sponsors trade-liberalizing agreements and sets world-commerce rules . 
In his lifetime , 47 years , the Communists brought electricity to his village and piped in drinking water from the reservoir . 
Other favorites of growth-stock analysts and money managers also had a mixed session . 
The critics also lambasted the magazine industry for something executives often are very proud of : the growth in magazine titles during the 1980s . 
But he emphasizes that Cathay has n't any interest in swapping equity stakes with the U.S. carrier or with Lufthansa , the West German airline with which it has cooperated for about a decade . 
New telephone lines posted healthy growth . 
`` The next level down did doors . 
The bond fund will invest in high-grade or medium-grade bonds , mortgages or asset-backed securities , including as much as 15 % in foreign securities . 
A quake that measures two on the Richter is n't twice as severe as a `` one '' -- it 's 10 times worse . 
But any increase is n't likely to be any kind of a surge . 
And like college radicals everywhere , they are talking about a demonstration -- where protesters would gather quietly near the science building and raise their hands , classroom style . 
`` Generalizations about value are n't useful , '' says New York money manager John LeFrere of Delta Capital Management . 
`` I think 1990 will be another mediocre year , '' said Steve Milunovich of First Boston . 
FRINGE-BENEFIT spending by small and medium-sized employers has dropped to 25 % of payroll from 29 % three years ago , says the National Institute of Business Management , an advisory service . 
`` It has difficulties paying its foreign debts , '' says a Hong Kong executive who is familiar with Sitco 's business . 
He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either `` participated in or condoned the illegal acts ... or utterly failed to carry out their duties as directors . '' 
Democrat Gene Taylor won a special election to fill the congressional seat vacated by the death of Republican Larkin Smith , taking back the GOP 's lone redoubt in Mississippi 's House delegation . 
The adjustments reflect the increase in the consumer price index for urban wage earners and clerical workers from the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year . 
As a `` good-will measure , '' the pilots had been working four extra hours a month and had agreed to fly UAL 's two new Boeing 747-400 aircraft . 
The State Development Board set up a Hugo Hotline to accept business-to-business help . 
The dollar began Friday on a firm note , gaining against all major currencies in Tokyo dealings and early European trading despite reports that the Bank of Japan was seen unloading dollars around 142.70 yen . 
They paid $ 15 million for a 1 % stake and received an additional 9 % of the company at no additional cost . 
They said , ` Too bad , ' so we finally said we 're not going to do business with them . '' 
That skepticism would leave him with an even greater credibility problem should he return that would handicap him in any effort to oust the board in a proxy fight . 
Meanwhile , surviving Texas banking institutions are busily pitching themselves as the only lenders who truly care about the state . 
Priam Corp. said it filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code and announced a 35 % reduction in its world-wide employment . 
`` I do n't want to be in a position to have to sell , '' Mr. Frabotta says . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Allied-Signal shares closed at $ 35.125 , off 87.5 cents . 
The allegations , ranging from theft and bribery to coercion and lewdness , paint a disquieting picture . 
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits . 
The second provision , affecting so-called 235 mortgages , has met strong opposition from investment bankers represented by the Public Securities Association . 
Mr. Posner resigned as president and chief executive officer of Sharon in April 1988 . 
The company , citing market conditions , postponed a $ 200 million debt offer . 
Most bills are drafted by bureaucrats , not politicians . 
Richard Bernstein , senior quantitative analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co , says , `` My gut feel is that we 'll live with those swings for a while . '' 
Hostile takeovers are quite a new phenomenon . 
Another suggestion would draw banks more directly into tracking down money launderers by developing a `` suspicious international wire transfer profile , '' which banks would use to spotlight questionable payments . 
The dispute over that issue , according to one U.S. official , is a `` potential treaty stopper , '' and only President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev may be able to resolve it . 
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity . 
Each right entitles shareholders to buy one-half share of common for $ 30 . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.70 % . 
The stock gained $ 2.75 Thursday to close at a then-52 week high . 
Gradually , a coherent picture of cancer development emerged . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues rose 111.48 points , or 0.32 % , to 35107.56 . 
Six-month and oneyear yields were unchanged , on average . 
`` This is common with a lot of large companies , '' says Mr. Borner , who worked for American Telephone & Telegraph Co. for 23 years before choosing his current trade . 
Some people must drop names -- call it an irresistible impulse . 
While KKR does n't control SCI TV which is unusual for a KKR investment -- it clearly has much deeper pockets than Mr. Gillett . 
Besides new styling , the new Nissans have more powerful engines and more sophisticated suspension systems . 
`` If you 're selling equities , you do n't start getting proceeds for five to seven days , '' said Frank Rachwalski , who manages the Kemper Money Market Fund . 
Mr. Kilpatrick will remain a director . 
Along the way , investors dumped takeover stocks and shares of banks that have leveraged-buy-out debt and risky real estate loans on their books . 
The $ 942,000 purchase raised his holdings to 74,000 shares . 
GET RID OF THE DOGS . 
Insisting that they are protected by the Voting Rights Act , a group of whites brought a federal suit in 1987 to demand that the city abandon at-large voting for the nine member City Council and create nine electoral districts , including four safe white districts . 
A disaster-contingency plan in which the Los Angeles Fed would come to San Francisco 's aid was n't needed , he adds . 
The disaster fund is replenished by loan repayments . 
SNET common rose $ 1.25 to $ 85.50 a share yesterday in composite trading on the Big Board . 
Deutsche Bank plummeted 12 to 645 , hurt by the general mood . 
Each weekday matches a sponsor and a topic : On Mondays , Unilever N.V. 's Lever Bros. sponsors tips on diet and exercise , followed by a 30-second Lever Bros. commercial . 
Other analysts are nearly as pessimistic . 
Chemical Securities Inc. is acting as agent for the seller . 
Lebanon 's Christian leader convened an emergency meeting of his cabinet after indications that he might dissolve Parliament in an attempt to scuttle an Arab-sponsored peace plan . 
As Mr. Reagan 's running mate , though , Mr. Bush plunged headlong into the anti-abortion position , endorsing a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Sears shares closed at $ 40.50 , up 87.5 cents . 
New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , written by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein and first produced on Broadway in 1927 . 
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack . 
It is an independent phone company with a service area of 15,000 square miles in southwest New Mexico . 
The administration also acknowledges that it is n't pursuing Mr. Reagan 's original vision of an `` impenetrable shield '' protecting the whole U.S. , but rather a more modest version . 
Debt-Burdened Doctors Seek Financial Security 
It would be 72%-owned by United Illuminating holders and 28%-owned by current holders of PS of New Hampshire preferred and common stock . 
Ship lines operating in the Pacific plan to raise rates on containers carrying U.S. exports to Asia about 10 % , effective next April . 
Revco 's chairman and chief executive officer , Boake A. Sells , said both the company and the bondholders have put forth reorganization plans , but little progress has been made since negotiations began this summer . 
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second-level officials until the past few days . 
Or , a wage that was $ 100 30 years ago would buy only $ 23.53 worth of stuff today . 
Although Mr. Hastings had been acquitted by a jury , lawmakers handling the prosecution in Congress had argued that the purpose of impeachment is n't to punish an individual . 
Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business . 
Now , the firm says it 's at a turning point . 
Consultant John Keller of Southlake , Texas , urges that top management adopt a `` tough hands-on approach '' with very tight controls and monitoring . 
`` Having more than a token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships , '' Mr. Litvinchuk said . `` 
Of course , it does n't hurt that Mr. Kloves has made up for his lack of experience behind the camera with technicians who know exactly what they 're doing . 
And at 9:15 , they posted a $ 135 to $ 155 `` first indication , '' or the price range in which the stock would probably open . 
But the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment , Dr. Wilson said . 
Has the San Francisco earthquake caused you to forget Hugo ? 
Proceeds from the sale will be used for remodeling and refurbishing projects , as well as for the planned MGM Grand hotel\/casino and theme park . 
But then the noise turned into a roar . 
But it was neither deep nor lasting : light entertainment that was no substitute for an evening of Brahms . 
Helmut Kohl 's governing conservative coalition is proving admirably true to the West German constitution by making more than 500,000 people of German descent automatic citizens this year alone . 
General Motors continued to be hardest hit . 
Douglas Stoneman , vice president of Shell Canada , noted that producers would prefer to avoid hearings into competing proposals that would lengthen the regulatory review process and bog down development . 
In the $ 300-a-share buyout , that totaled about $ 76.7 million . 
Trading was active . 
`` If people are n't buying , you have to close plants , '' he said . 
United Education & Software , a Los Angeles education services company , called the commission 's action `` precipitous and unwarranted . '' 
A year ago , net was $ 14.3 million , or 31 cents a share , on sales of $ 116.8 million . 
More than half the users of 17 of the 25 products included in the survey said they 're brand switchers . 
And it 's way above the ratio ( 7.5 times cash flow ) that bigger companies are selling for . 
Volume on the First Section was estimated at 900 million shares , up from 582 million shares Monday . 
The country 's Supreme Court dismissed the suit , but Mr. Garcia late last month filed for a reconsideration . 
Yes , he says , premiums on such variable-rate coverage can be structured to `` vanish '' after a certain period -- but usually only if interest rates stay high enough to generate sufficient cash to cover the annual cost of insurance protection . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
Male scandal victims invariably fare better . 
And , for Ms. Baker , the ride was far from over . 
Like others , Mr. Gabelli says that if futures cause investors to lose confidence in stocks , they will move away from stocks -- as many have already done . 
We do n't think this will affect that . '' 
In an interview Wednesday with Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , Mr. Stevens said , `` We 're in no way committed to a deal going through at all . 
`` Customized '' baskets of fewer stocks will also be available . 
`` It 's often wrong , but it 's better than consulting an Indian rain dancer . '' 
Turkey 's legislature elected Prime Minister Ozal as the country 's first civilian president since 1960 , opening the way for a change of government under a new premier he will select . 
Under a program approved by the company in 1987 that did n't specify a share amount , Nashua had purchased 481,000 shares through Sept. 29 . 
`` I can just tell the questions are right back where they were : ` What 's going on ? , ' ` Ca n't anything be done about program trading ? , ' ` Does n't the exchange understand ? , ' ` Where is the SEC on this ? ' '' 
Today , Sen. Mitchell and other leading Democrats plan to turn up the heat again by holding a news conference to bash the proposal . 
Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal Weekly , published in New York for North American readers , will rise 6 % . 
The Financial Accounting Standards Board said it will soon issue a rule requiring disclosure about the financial risk of certain financial instruments . 
Revenue : $ 3.57 billion 
x - Year-to-date 1988 figure includes Volkswagen domestic-production through July . 
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market . 
Yesterday 's sluggish action was in marked contrast to the rearing and plunging of stock prices Tuesday after the proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. once again collapsed . 
Lines will be available 24 hours a day to take applications for such disaster relief as temporary housing and emergency home repairs by phone . 
Chez Panisse was listed among the top 30 restaurants in the world this year by Connoisseur magazine . 
The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France . 
IBM appears more worried about Digital , which has a broad base of customers waiting for the new line , dubbed the VAX 9000 . 
Sometime in 1991 , as soon as the 1990 census becomes available , a redistricting panel will redraw the City Council district lines . 
But everything is relative to Mr. Terrizzi , so stocks in his view can become more attractive in comparison with bonds or T-bills , even if shares are more expensive than when they were sold in January . 
Several projects , he said , are still on the drawing board . 
After Laurel Bank tried to repossess the car , a vice president asked him to intervene in an unrelated legal dispute involving a trust account . 
A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight-Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed . 
While flying home from those discussions , Mr. Bush drafted a letter to Mr. Gorbachev suggesting an informal get-together to precede their formal summit next year . 
Many hairline cracks in the concrete slabs afterwards . 
One simple approach is to exclude S&P 500 companies considered bankruptcy candidates ; this can avoid weak sisters , but also can hurt when a company like Chrysler Corp. rebounds . 
Officials at the University of Virginia Art Museum certainly would agree . 
Some senior advisers argue that with further fights over a capital-gains tax cut and a budget-reduction bill looming , Mr. Bush already has enough pending confrontations with Congress . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 400 million of 10-year debentures with a coupon rate of 8.80 % , priced at par . 
As if he were Iron Mike , about to enter the ring with a 98-pound weakling , he declared : `` I 'll be able to beat any computer for the next five years . '' 
A reading below 50 % indicates that the manufacturing industry is slowing while a reading above 50 % suggests that the industry is expanding . 
Refcorp , created by the thrift-overhaul law enacted in August , will use the proceeds to merge or sell off ailing savings-and-loan institutions . 
An added feature is that the slighty improved return would be guaranteed by Prudential . 
When they return to their desks at 1 p.m. , they have pedaled 20 miles . 
Rally 's Inc. said it adopted a shareholders rights plan to protect shareholders from an inadequately priced takeover offer . 
Chugai has been one of the most active Japanese players in U.S. biotechnology companies ; it has an equity investment in Genetics Institute Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , and a joint-venture agreement with Upjohn Co. , Kalamazoo , Mich . 
Jens-Uwe Fischer , a senior trader at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. in Frankfurt , said he expects the dollar to recover within the next three months to around 1.88 marks as U.S. economic data , particularly U.S. trade figures , level off . 
He said he expects IBM to unveil similar strategies for other industries in coming months . 
But seesaw gyrations in the Dow Jones Industrial Average yesterday put Wall Street back in the spotlight and inspired market participants to bid the U.S. unit lower . 
Widely expected to open 10 to 15 cents a barrel higher on the strength of statistics from the American Petroleum Institute , the December contract managed to start the session only eight cents higher . 
Unfortunately , he gets low grades as an investigative reporter , relying heavily on what Chicago 's late mayor , Richard J. Daley , called `` insinuendo . '' 
Another possibility is for the pilots ' to team up with an outside investor who might try to force the ouster of the board through the solicitation of consents . 
But in 1986 , the badges and the `` do n't speak out of turn '' rule were abolished -- early steps in a cultural revolution still rolling on with all the subtlety of a freight train . 
Keizaikai is one of a small but growing band of Japanese companies taking their first steps into American publishing , after making major investments in entertainment , real estate and banking companies here . 
One reason for these hybrids is that indexing 's rapid growth is slowing , particularly for those `` plain vanilla '' funds that mirror the S&P 500 . 
The move significantly expanded Black & Decker 's product line , but also significantly increased its debt load . 
Builders get away with using sand and financiers junk when society decides it 's okay , necessary even , to look the other way . 
ITT also said its consumer finance unit agreed in September to settle a civil suit with the California attorney general over alleged improper lending and sales practices . 
No one seems willing to hold anyone in public life to a standard higher than the narrowest construction of the law . 
Its 1,400-member brokerage operation reported an estimated $ 5 million loss last year , although Kidder expects it to turn a profit this year . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee backed off a move to come up with its own alternative proposals to the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization plans , according to sources familiar with the committee . 
They were what he called an `` unlawful termination '' by MGM\/UA of the acquisition agreement with Qintex , high Australian interest rates , a pilots ' strike at Australian domestic airlines that cut revenue at the company 's Australian resorts and delays in completing a sale of two regional TV stations in Queensland state . 
The Free French wore black arm bands , and when she sang `` J'ai deux amours '' they wept . 
Officials of Rockefeller Group and Mitsubishi Estate prefer to focus on the affinities , nearly dismissing the threat of a backlash from the U.S. public . 
Oil Spill Case Shows Liability Fund Flaws 
The problem : They 're saddled with huge plants that require costly maintenance . 
Executives close to Philip Morris said that the tobacco and food giant has asked Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide Inc. , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , and possibly others to work on creative ideas for the account . 
Montgomery County , Maryland -- $ 75 million of general consolidated public improvement bonds of 1989 , Series B , via competitive bid . 
Only about five states now offer some form of insurance coverage , but more are expected . 
The union is the bargaining representative for more than 20,000 Michigan state employees . 
Now it 's on the fence . 
Along the way , Mr. Tharp omitted a total of $ 1.5 million from his receipts reported on federal tax returns for three years . 
`` We can not wait on the government to make changes at its own pace , '' Mr. Sisulu said . 
Lion Nathan and PepsiCola Australia , a unit of PepsiCo Inc. of the U.S. , did n't say why Cadbury Schweppes will no longer hold the franchise . 
A disheveled , roly-poly son of a Long Island potato farmer , Mr. Lynch is a veteran union organizer who worked on the presidential campaigns of Sen. Edward Kennedy and Mr. Jackson . 
But he added : `` The mere fact of a meeting does n't deal with the substance of policy . '' 
Roger L. Sutton , executive vice president , was appointed as the new president and chief operating officer . 
Here she delivers , especially during her enthusiastically awful rendition of the `` Candy Man , '' which she sings while prancing around in a little cotton candy pink angora sweater that could n't be more perfect . 
The agency did n't mention possible quantities and did n't say how the gas would be delivered . 
The repair shops are n't united , however . 
Businessmen took their cue from the engineers . 
The company said the holders represent 52 % of the face amount of the debentures . 
Ford ca n't make a full-fledged bid for Jaguar until U.K. government restrictions expire . 
Your priorities may be different , but here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : personal space ; automotive pursuits ; children 's toys ; gardening equipment , bulbs and shrubs ; and finally , entertainment , perhaps the best investment of all . 
Meanwhile , competitors are being spawned almost daily ; some 300 new businesses -- many just one-person shops -- have sprung up . 
Mr. Digate says his firm , Beyond Inc. , has licensed technology known as Information Lens from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and plans to develop it for commercial use . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond fell more than 1\/2 point , or over $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield moved above 8 % for the first time since Thursday . 
The government attributed the 0.3 % month-to-month rise in the index largely to higher energy prices . 
Critics have complained that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains . 
Whatever the cause for the downturn , few people are predicting any sudden improvement . 
`` If your prospect is feeling risk the whole time and you 're not feeling as if you 're backed up by a stable company , you 've lost it before you 've begun , '' says Mary Ann Cluggish , a Wellesley , Mass. , sales trainer and consultant who works with high technology companies . 
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full-time American members and 25,000 `` associates . '' 
That is in part because of the effect of having to average the number of shares outstanding , she said . 
The Southfield , Mich.-based company earned $ 774,000 in the quarter last year . 
Hess declined to comment . 
Great Western , based in Beverly Hills , Calif. , is a financial services firm and parent to Great Western Bank , an S&L . 
`` There is n't any doubt that the thread of the '86 code has been given a mighty tug , '' says Rep. Thomas Downey ( D. , N.Y . ) . 
`` I do n't have to listen to what anybody tells me to do . '' 
Amtrak said it suspended train service into its Oakland station , which sustained `` heavy structural damage '' during the quake . 
He began by closing 120 of the combined companies ' 260 offices in two months , eliminating about 31 % of the company 's 2,500-person adminstrative staff , including more than 100 sales positions . 
Cable & Wireless PLC of Britain won the other license . 
Systemwide sales , which include sales at franchisee as well as company-owned stores , totaled $ 4.59 billion compared with $ 4.2 billion . 
But as Congress prepares a fresh package of sanctions against Beijing , the already-tense relationship could get worse . 
The family was in Allied countries during both World War I and the long period of economic strife of the 1920s . 
Its valuation methodologies , she said , `` are recognized as some of the best on the Street . 
The plant employs between 800 and 900 on three shifts . 
LSI LOGIC CORP. , Milpitas , maker of customized integrated circuits , annual sales of $ 550 million , NYSE , has halted manufacturing at its three plants in the area while they are inspected for structural damage . 
`` I think the current plan is sufficiently flawed in a sufficient number of bondholders ' eyes that substantial revisions will be required to get it done , '' says analyst Craig Davis of R.D. Smith & Co. here . 
Both also will inspect and replace , if necessary , oil filters and oil strainers , at no charge to owners . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Time Warner closed at $ 138.625 a share , up $ 1.875 , while Warner closed at $ 63.875 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
`` A lot of this is going to be code-related , '' says Ignazio J. Ruvolo , a construction law specialist at Bronson , Bronson & McKinnon , a San Francisco law firm . 
FileNet Corp. , Costa Mesa , Calif. , said it expects to report a third-quarter loss of about $ 1.8 million , or 17 cents a share , because of a $ 2.5 million reserve to be taken against potential losses on a contract with the state of California . 
Pretax earnings declined 1.3 % . 
Per capita income rose 1.7 % to $ 13,120 , but median family income fell 0.2 % . 
There is no charge for research -- only for time on the phone . 
Bob Stone is a fictional name , but the incident described is real . 
`` It 's just a matter of marketing and promoting ourselves , '' says Headley Bell , a fifth-generation horse breeder from Lexington . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
He 's got a wife and two kids and a house in the suburbs ; the audience sees only the house , and only near the end of the movie . 
B.F. Goodrich dropped 1 3\/8 to 49 1\/8 . 
One provision last night would have raised the cap on disaster loans to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 per household to accommodate San Francisco losses . 
But the company said the political contributions had been made more than five years ago . 
1 . As part of the approval process for RICO prosecutions , the prosecutor must submit any proposed forfeiture TRO for review by the Organized Crime and Racketeering Section . 
The year was already shaping up as a difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry , which makes products such as motor homes , travel trailers , folding campers and van conversions . 
Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer . 
The human-based drug starts the blood sugar dropping sooner and drives it down faster , he said . 
A corporation that wants to sell stock or bonds goes to a Wall Street firm , which purchases the securities outright , accepting the financial risk of finding buyers . 
Advanced Medical paid $ 106 million in cash for its share in a unit of Henley 's Fisher Scientific subsidiary . 
\* For in-state students 
Robert J. McManus 
On the other hand , Mr. Cheney retained all those new land forces . 
The airline had allowed them to move ahead of some union members in seniority following the 1985 strike , a move the union had contested in a previous lawsuit . 
And before the week was out , Sony had offered Mr. Guber and his partner , Jon Peters , the most lucrative employment contracts in the history of the movie business . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters claim they have an oral agreement with Warner executives that allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise . 
No gas . 
It alone is n't likely to stop a station from dumping CBS shows . 
The plan creates a new category of students from `` socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , '' a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 10 % of the class . 
The December contract was down three cents a pound , settling at $ 1.1280 , which was just above the day 's low of $ 1.1270 . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 1.55 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 15.6 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 14.1 billion in maturing bills . 
The claims , which were filed with the State Board of Control but will probably end up in court , are the first arising out of the collapse of the so-called Cypress structure viaduct . 
Even a pack of 20 Western cigarettes can fetch 20 rubles or more . 
Overall , PC sales in Japan in the first half of 1989 were 34 % higher than in the year-earlier period . 
And the injunction Judges Miner and Altimari would so readily have granted had New Era sued in time ? 
Jack Greenberg , executive vice president and chief financial officer of McDonald 's , says the company does n't compute , much less disclose , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales . 
Mr. Shiflett is an editorial writer for the Rocky Mountain News . 
Emerging genetic tests will be able to spot such cancer-susceptible individuals , ushering in what some scientists believe is a new age of predictive cancer diagnosis . 
A group of senior Conservative legislators , complaining the House of Commons was like a sauna , demanded that the experiment be stopped unless the intensity of the lights is reduced . 
The market is still 4 % short of its level before the plunge , and analysts are n't sure how long it will take until the DAX has closed that gap . 
The company can go about its business . 
Over at Conradies , the general store , a black stock boy scurries to help an elderly white woman with her packages . 
Coal earnings rose to $ 26 million from $ 21 million . 
Still , she said , Drexel 's trouble with some states is n't a bad thing . 
In February 1988 , for example , Merrill Lynch 's weekly commentary announced that `` the economy is likely to fall into recession in early 1989 . '' 
The expansion is subject to approval by federal and Wisconsin environmental regulators . 
Most are anchored by a K mart store . 
`` What do we want casinos for when we have n't got anything in the shops ? '' one housewife asked . 
The magazine had its best year yet in 1988 , when it celebrated its centennial and racked up a 17 % gain in ad pages , to 283 . 
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock . 
The suit , he adds , `` is almost in the nature of a vendetta by a handful of disgruntled people . '' 
The company said it plans to form European ventures with Italian and Finnish companies . 
Both features appealed most to buyers under 45 . 
`` The tests indicate that dual and non-dual traders are similar in terms of the trade executions and liquidity they provide to the market , '' Mrs. Gramm told the Senate panel . 
Says Ms. Raines , `` ( The judgment ) confirms our concern that the absence of patent lawyers on the court could prove troublesome . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 11\/16 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 5\/8 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
For the nine-month period , Baxter said net rose 15 % to $ 307 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 267 million , or 89 cents a share , during the year-ago period . 
Especially galling for Mr. Steinhardt , say people close to him , is that USAir 's Mr. Colodny wo n't even take his telephone calls . 
A spokesman cited a `` technical error '' and declined to elaborate . 
Lep Group and affiliates currently control 3,513,072 Profit Systems common shares , or 62.42 % , the filing said . 
One of the friends sweeps broken dishes and shattered glass from a countertop and starts to pack what can be salvaged from the kitchen . 
Of the 450 survey respondents , 35 % said they expect to spend less buying Christmas gifts this year than last year , while 28 % said they expect to spend more and 37 % said their gift budget would stay the same . 
Workers at six mines in Arctic Circle coal fields called strikes over a series of economic and political demands . 
But Lloyd 's is hampered in its efforts to overhaul operations by its reluctance to embrace modern technology . 
Managers in all three companies recognize speed as a component of quality and a key to customer satisfaction . 
CenTrust did n't meet the deadline . 
The company said it was doing a brisk business in computer power-surge protectors , cables and uninterruptable power sources . 
Whether Mr. McInnes 's oversight is merely a sign of a mainlander 's benign neglect is a question my fellow Channel Islanders ( and friends on the Isle of Man ) will continue to ponder . 
Originally the department had reported the August decline as 5 % . 
Microsoft , battered by profit taking in recent sessions , sank as much as 4 ; but it finished at 80 7\/8 , down 2 1\/4 on volume of one million shares . 
`` I care very much for this post , '' he says . 
Businessland Inc. said it purchased a major regional computer retailer , Data Systems Computer Centre Inc. , Springfield , New Jersey . 
Ferranti has said that it would be forced to write off # 185 million against the phantom contracts , reducing its net asset value by more than half . 
Made of sand , it receives around-the-clock maintainence against the battering waves . 
Inmac Corp. , a money-losing direct marketer of computer supplies and accessories , said directors suspended payment of its semiannual dividend as too great a drain on funds . 
The stores they work for may be sold . 
The exchange put a bit of a damper on program trading when , last year , it simply started to publish monthly statistics of each firm 's program-trading volume . 
Now , among Communist reformers , they are objects of envy . 
But TPA sales fell below levels for this year 's first and second quarter sales of $ 48 million , cooling investors . 
CONGRESSIONAL LEADERS BACKED Bush 's criticism of Nicaragua 's Ortega . 
\*\* Includes $ 9 million write-down of assets and takeover defense costs . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8353 marks , down from 1.8355 marks Tuesday , and at 141.52 yen , up from 141.45 yen late Tuesday . 
NBC has on previous occasions considered replacing cartoons with a Saturday version of `` Today , '' which is produced by NBC News . 
Also , Jean B. Clifton , 28 , was named executive vice president , treasurer and chief financial officer . 
No one panicked , '' a spokeswoman says . 
`` We 're on a tight budget , '' says Detroit Edison 's Carol Roskind . 
Municipals 
West Germans get glitz , with bourbon in the foreground and a posh Beverly Hills hotel in the background . 
British Air 's move raised new questions about the buy-out group 's efforts to revive a stalled bid for UAL . 
The software company said revenue slid 28 % to $ 53.9 million . 
Net in the latest period included $ 11.9 million from discontinued operations and a charge of $ 6.2 million from a plant closing . 
Sales of Cherokee , the best-selling Jeep , and the lower-volume Wagoneer were actually up about 10 % through the end of last month . 
GOLF HAS BECOME the latest diversion for travelers stuck at some airports . 
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level . 
U.S. companies account for less than 8 % of the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures that have been announced since the Soviets began encouraging such undertakings in 1987 . 
Zacks Investment Research counts five brokerage houses that consider the stock a buy , and four that call it a hold . 
Analysts hailed the sweetened pension package , which they said had been the subject of rumors for several months . 
Switzerland 's wholesale price index increased 0.3 % in September from August , and was up 3.9 % from a year ago , marking the first time this year that the index has fallen below 4 % on a year-to-year basis , the government reported . 
The franchiser of pharmacies said the added shares will be distributed Dec. 4 to stock of record Nov. 13 . 
Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat-rolled steel segment . 
They were old-fashioned elegant gentlemen , who happened to be of German Jewish extraction . 
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought . 
International Lease Finance Corp. announced a leasing contract with charter carrier American Trans Air Inc. , in a transaction involving six Boeing Co. 757-200s . 
However , the company 's petroleum services segment , while profitable , was hurt by high financing costs associated with the company 's buy-out of a 50 % stake in Eastman Christensen Co. from Texas Eastern Corp. last June . 
An accounting controversy at the end of last year forced Boston Co. to admit it had overstated pretax profits by some $ 44 million . 
In the event that the buy-out group stalls in reviving its bid , the UAL board could remain under some pressure to seek another transaction , even without any legal obligation to do so . 
Unease is widespread among exchange members . 
The law sets a deficit target of $ 100 billion for fiscal 1990 . 
The economy is showing signs of weakness , particularly among manufacturers . 
He sold quarter-inch fingerlings to stock other farmers ' ponds , and he bought back one-pound-or-so food-fish that he `` live-hauled '' to market along with his own whiskery crop . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 99 25\/32 to yield 8.01 % , compared with 100 1\/32 to yield 7.97 % . 
At the firm 's annual meeting last night , he told shareholders that index arbitrage wo n't go away , despite the public outcry . 
But securities regulators now say privately that it is n't likely to start until the first quarter of next year . 
`` He does n't usually risk that much unless he thinks he has an ace in the hole , '' adds another Steinhardt Partners alumnus . 
`` I have to attribute the lackluster performance to a natural disaster , '' said Mr. Premner . 
A unified system of taxation should be introduced rapidly . 
Mr. Palicka 's picks from the OTC market include Legent , Mail Boxes Etc. , and Payco American . 
`` It 's hard to think someone is raping your garden , '' he says . 
But their most fundamental recommendation was to separate industry from the state , making it fully accountable for pollution control . 
The federal funds rate on overnight loans between banks has been hovering around 8 3\/4 % , down from 9 % previously . 
Rymer Foods Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 of its common stock purchase warrants at a price of $ 4 a warrant . 
The suit accuses the retailer and several of its officers of making false and misleading statements about the company 's business affairs . 
`` We are working significantly longer and harder than has been the case in the past , '' says Scott C. Newquist , Kidder 's head of investment banking since June . 
The dollar posted gains in quiet trading as concerns about equities abated . 
Profit before taxes fell 17 % to $ 84.4 million from $ 101.4 million . 
Nora Worth and Malcolm DeWitt , 33 and 39 respectively , live together in a townhouse in a transitional Philadelphia neighborhood . 
Banco Ambrosiano , which was Italy 's largest private-sector bank , collapsed in 1982 with $ 1.3 billion of debts . 
When the market opened at 9:30 a.m. EST , a reporter for the Reuters newswire miscalculated the industrial average 's drop as a 4 % decline when it really was down 0.7 % . 
Moody 's said it expects Valley National , of Phoenix , Ariz. , to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio , and that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets , and from high loan-loss provisions . 
The down trend was partly the result of tighter credit sparked by a discount rate increase by the Bank of Japan in May . 
Tuesday , October 17 , 1989 
It now holds the No. 3 position at U.S. department-store cosmetic counters . 
`` We expect additional offerings '' of asset-backed securities targeted toward individual investors , says Bill Addiss , a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Of course I 'd rather have a computer software firm in my backyard than a hazardous waste incinerator . 
`` I believe that as soon as the selling abates somewhat we could see a rally back to the $ 1.20 region , '' she added . 
Hudson 's researchers estimated that it would cost less than $ 650 million a year to test the entire population between the ages of 12 and 65 years old . 
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion . 
Under the direction of its new chairman , Francisco Luzon , Spain 's seventh largest bank is undergoing a tough restructuring that analysts say may be the first step toward the bank 's privatization . 
Executives involved in plotting Time 's defense say it is now preparing a countersuit naming both Viacom and Tele-Communications as defendants . 
Boeing Co. , already struck by its Machinists union , briefly called off contract talks with its engineers and labeled their demands `` grossly excessive . '' 
But despite the differences in what they say , according to some analysts here , economic constraints mean the next president may not have many choices about what he does . 
Miniscribe reported a negative net worth and hinted it may file for Chapter 11 . 
But pipeline companies estimate they still face $ 2.4 billion in liabilities from unresolved disputes , including $ 1 billion they fear they wo n't be able to pass on to customers . 
Such an organization could , among other things , set minimum standards for competence , ethics and finances and punish those investment advisers who broke the rules . 
`` The mountain bike feels as comfortable as the ` paperboy ' bike you had as a kid , but it can do so much more , '' he says . 
Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat is getting cold feet and may back off from his recent moderation and renunciation of terrorism . 
Mr. Belli , who was at Candlestick Park for the World Series Tuesday night , says he has hired civil engineers to check out his own mildly damaged building and to investigate the bridge collapse . 
`` That 's crazy . '' 
Since , like earthquakes , stock market disturbances will always be with us , it is prudent to take all possible precautions against another such market collapse . 
But if I feel that there are situations where I 'm trying to get housing for our area -- whatever it happens to be -- and I have to feel that I ca n't even ask a question , I 've got to tell you , I think that 's outrageous . . 
The Second Section index , which fell 21.44 points Monday , was up 6.84 points , or 0.19 % , to close at 3642.90 . 
They , in turn , lent money to their customers -- who were supposed to recognize the opportunity to make a profit in the turmoil and buy shares . 
Oil stocks escaped the brunt of Friday 's selling and several were able to post gains , including Chevron , which rose 5\/8 to 66 3\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 2.4 million shares . 
`` Everything , '' one non-`` Moonie '' senior consultant to the Unification Church recently told me in an interview , `` is going back to Korea and Japan . '' 
Revenue gained 45 % to $ 210.2 million from $ 145.2 million . 
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up . 
In the U.S. , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts were among the most active issues Friday in national over-the-counter trading where they closed at $ 11.625 each , up 62.5 cents . 
The manuevering illustrates an emerging Republican donnybrook , pacified since the early 1980s . 
Why , when a key witness disappears , does Mancuso trash her apartment , tearing down drapes , smashing walls ? 
According to a spokesman , the governor is also studying the possibility of raising state gasoline taxes . 
But analysts say Sears faces an especially daunting challenge on the eve of the Christmas shopping season . 
This city does n't work that way . '' 
But investors better not ignore its limitations , either . 
NATO defense ministers said the 16-nation alliance continues to need a strong nuclear strategy despite political changes in Eastern Europe . 
Instead , a spokesman blames the dismal third-quarter showing on `` an environment that is being distorted by a very harsh climate for sales of durable goods , '' which account for roughly two-thirds of Sears 's annual merchandise volume . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered its rating on about $ 400 million of this bank holding company 's senior debt to B2 from Ba3 . 
The estimated gain for Brae is $ 15 million , including a tax credit of $ 7 million , the sellers said . 
Separately , investor Marvin Davis withdrew his backup $ 300-a-share takeover offer . 
`` We will vigorously oppose the bill , '' he says . 
In addition , the tax-collecting agency says that it will take the unusual step of looking to the private sector to fill two new high-level positions to guide the 120,000-employee agency : a comptroller to oversee daily finances and a chief information officer to update the information system , which includes probably the largest computer data base in the world . 
Mr. Icahn , who played a key role in the settlement and attempted subsequently to take control of the company , sold his stake in Texaco just last summer . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 400,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked . 
The cumulative total in 1989 was 12,283,217 tons , up 7.5 % from 11,429,243 tons a year earlier . 
One is a strong , vigorous portrayal of Shakespeare 's play ; the other is director Gregory Boyd 's overlay of present-day punk rock decadence on old Vienna . 
East Germany yesterday removed Erich Honecker , one of the staunchest holdouts against the reform rumbling through the Communist world , in an effort to win back the confidence of its increasingly rebellious citizens . 
It 's a trade secret how many were plastic , and most writers still do n't know what they 're using . 
Foreign exchange dealers said that the currency market has begun to distance itself from the volatile stock exchange , which has preoccupied the market since Oct. 13 , when the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged more than 190 points . 
`` Jazz Cleopatra '' contains other , more important , false notes that undermine what is , for the most part , a lively account of a life already familiar from earlier works . 
`` He does n't want to have the image of the gun man , '' says Fred Oldenburg , an expert at the Bonn-sponsored Institute of East European and International Studies in Cologne . 
The U.S. and Canada joined every European country except Albania at the meeting . 
But art that has fallen sharply in value is rarely put up for sale . 
Federal Paper Board said , `` We 're not as exposed as the popular perception of us . '' 
Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a liberal research group , said that Latin American countries would be `` profoundly disappointed '' if Canada were to follow the U.S. lead in the OAS . 
This is the 11th consecutive quarter in which the company has paid shareholders an extra dividend of five cents . 
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits . 
In the new show , he said , `` we 're going to spend $ 60,000 building a start-up house '' for a young couple . 
This Brooklyn , N.Y. , generic-drug maker announced a 5 % stock dividend payable Dec. 15 , to holders of record Nov. 15 . 
The University of Toronto stepped deeper into the contest for Connaught BioSciences Inc. by reaching an unusual agreement with Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp . 
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue . 
Many aspects of the agreement were worked out Wednesday in Chicago , when Integrated senior managers met with about 150 representatives . 
Instead of selling bonds to meet redemptions , however , some funds have borrowed from banks to meet withdrawal requests . 
The Staar board also said that John R. Ford resigned as a director , and that Mr. Wolf was named a member of the board . 
Air-raid sirens sounded the alarm at 2:25 a.m. , summoning 12,000 air wardens to duty . 
One of the best movies about the child-parent thing in recent years was `` Raising Arizona , '' the 1987 Coen brothers ' comedy that definitely was not about the folks next door . 
The Fort Worth , Texas , company is generally regarded as one of the best-run in the business , and its difficulties are likely to be reflected industrywide as other major carriers report third-quarter results over the next several days . 
The company said it recently sold its 750th cartridge system , which cost $ 400,000 to $ 500,000 each . 
A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets . 
But the chairman and other committee members stressed that the notification guideline was n't imposed on the White House by a meddling Congress . 
The Fed 's problem is not that it is too independent , or too unpolitical . 
LIN , which has agreed with BellSouth Corp. to merge their cellular-telephone businesses , said then that it would n't take a position on McCaw 's revised tender offer . 
Richard Grasso , Big Board president , last week said only that the exchange is concerned about all its constituents . 
One man wrapped several diamonds in the knot of his tie . 
But some of the activity , he says , may reflect a rush to get `` numbers in order '' for end-of-year reports . 
Sony , for its part , could decide that the cost of a Warner settlement or court fight is too high , choosing instead to find someone else to run Columbia , although that too would be costly given the financial arrangement already guaranteed to Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
They also unanimously re-elected Mr. Dubinsky , the union chairman who has led the pilots ' 2 1\/2-year fight to take control of the airline . 
Japan agreed to enforce a decision by an international wildlife conference to ban all trade in ivory , a spokesman for the Ministry of International Trade and Industry said . 
Instead , Richard Haskayne , president and chief executive of Interprovincial 's Calgary-based parent , Interhome Energy Inc. , said the company would prefer to work with other `` interested parties '' on a joint proposal . 
Peter Kutney sold 5,000 shares , all of his holdings , for $ 11.38 a share , or $ 56,900 . 
Poachers would control the underground trade . 
Daniel Akerson , MCI chief financial officer , said the company sees further improvements in operating margins . 
The aim , says Mr. de Galle , is to win market share from imported cigarettes , and to persuade smokers who are switching to blonde cigarettes to keep buying French . 
Despite the risks , the deals can be an attractive way for Japanese banks to increase their presence in the U.S. market , bank analysts say . 
The two sides have been far apart on how much Herbert Hunt will continue to owe the government after his assets are sold . 
Within the same nine months , News Corp. closed down In Fashion , a once-promising young woman 's fashion magazine , Drake Publications Inc. has folded the long-troubled Venture magazine , and Lang Communications has announced Ms. magazine , after 17 years , will no longer carry advertising as of January . 
Mr. Karalis , 51 , will specialize in corporate law and international law at the 110-lawyer firm . 
Recently , he and others reported that the retinoblastoma suppressor gene may also be involved in some lung cancers , as well as several other more common cancers , too . 
The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $ 18 million settlement of related lawsuits . 
The amount would help Los Angeles cope in the first few weeks after its own anticipated quake , while waiting for federal assistance to arrive . 
States are following suit . 
If profits do n't improve , Mr. Whitten says he may quit the exchange . 
Separately , First Hospital reported a 1.6 % rise in net income to $ 6.1 million for its year ended June 30 on a 27 % increase in revenue to $ 110.6 million . 
They 're so busy , '' says one Santa Fe drilling foreman here . 
Although external events have contributed to the morass , the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs . 
Neither has plans to be a market maker for now . 
In Australia , land of the outback , a snapshot of Jim Beam lies on a strip of hand-tooled leather . 
In addition , a Norfolk affiliate , York Capital Inc. , will purchase all of the interests of Eagle 's secured lenders , which total $ 11.5 million , and guarantee as much as $ 8.2 million in payments to Eagle 's unsecured creditors . 
Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . 
Only a month ago he 'd warned Congress not to pass legislation to pay for abortions in cases of rape or incest . 
We have a major problem , and that problem is volatility . '' 
Some climate models project that interior regions of Asia would be among the first to heat up in a global warming because they are far from oceans , which moderate temperature changes . 
Welcome to the 28th Tokyo Motor Show . 
France will propose a slightly watered-down version of the charter to be discussed by EC social-affairs ministers on Monday , officials said . 
Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer , told securities analysts in New York that the company expects somewhat slower per-share earnings growth in 1990 , although annual growth should return to the traditional figure of about 7 % thereafter . 
Tosco Corp. jumped $ 1.125 to $ 20.125 and Chevron Corp. , despite a temporary pipeline shutdown , rose $ 1 to $ 65 . 
`` Until now , we 've had no objective way of measuring motor function , '' says Keith Chiappa , a neurologist conducting clinical tests with the devices at Boston 's Massachusetts General Hospital . 
GAF , Part III is scheduled to begin today . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
Government officials who are urging real-estate reforms balk at the arguments of business leaders and chafe at their pressure . 
Any reorganization proposal , Mr. Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by the company , bondholders , banks and other creditors . 
`` The more turnover , the better for our clients . '' 
`` The week ending the 24th is going to save the entire month for everyone . 
Terry L. Haines , formerly general manager of Canadian operations , was elected to the new position of vice president , North American sales , of this plastics concern . 
The buy-out effort also worsened already-strained relations between United 's pilot and machinist unions . 
The benchmark 11 3\/4 % Treasury bond due 2003\/2007 rose 1\/8 to 111 21\/32 to yield 10.11 % , while the 12 % issue of 1995 rose 3\/32 to 103 23\/32 to yield 11.01 % . 
According to the Middle East Economic Survey , the North African nation is holding talks with Italy for adding a fourth pipe to a section of the Trans-Mediterranean pipeline , expanding capacity by up to six billion cubic meters a year from 12.5 billion . 
That would make it the second-largest bank , after Barnett Banks Inc. , in a state widely considered to be the most lucrative banking market in the country . 
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 , which eliminated many tax shelters peddled by planners , and the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand , and many planners had to make an unplanned exit from the business . 
Indeed , British Air seemed to be distancing itself from the troubled transaction early in an effort to avoid any further embarrassment . 
The maker of telecommunications management systems had 6,420,268 shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 . 
The spokeswoman said the exchange would resume trading of Delmed stock today . 
She said , `` I would say K mart 's number one job is to address its market-share loss { in discount stores } , which longer-term will lead to improved profit margins . 
But the kids with highly educated parents did 68 % less housework than those in less-educated families . 
When the earthquake rocked northern California last week , Aetna senior claims executives from the San Francisco area were at the company 's Hartford , Conn. , headquarters for additional training on how to handle major catastrophes , including earthquakes . 
Many investors blame program trading for wild swings in the stock market , including the 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 13 . 
Despite the thin trading , and after two painful years of restructuring , the futures market has shown itself to be resilient in two recent tests . 
According to available details , yields range from 8.70 % , a spread of 80 basis points over three-year Treasury securities , to 10.37 % , a spread of 230 basis points over 20-year Treasurys . 
Mr. Mengistu is in an increasingly weak position : Half his army is tied down defending the northern city of Asmara from the Eritreans . 
`` We have to keep working at improving our core business to stay efficient . 
California State University 
I was shaking the whole time . '' 
But drivers in the U.S. must wait : The Japanese , for now , are keeping active suspension for domestic use only . 
`` But we certainly like what we 've seen so far . '' 
HealthVest missed a payment to the group that was due in late September . 
Federal and state thrift examiners said they saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association , and a California regulator described an attempted `` whitewash '' by deputies of chief federal regulator Danny Wall . 
Mr. Teagan points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without CFCs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will worsen the greenhouse effect . 
A pact with GM may emerge in as little as two weeks , according to sources close to the talks . 
`` We 're back to square one , '' said Simon Smithson , an analyst in Japan for Kleinwort Benson International Inc . 
But while the merits of diversification shine through when times are tough , there 's also a price to pay : A diversified portfolio always underperforms an undiversified portfolio during those times when the investment in the undiversified portfolio is truly hot . 
Yet the heavy-handedness of the satire also can be effective in a book like this : If the head of AIW were not portrayed as an utterly contemptible , malicious dolt , we would not much care whether his schemes were defeated , and would not be so diverted in the process . 
Kwek Hong Png , chairman of CDL , and director Quek Leng Chye were arrested by the republic 's Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau Tuesday night . 
Wayne Smith , an attorney at Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in Los Angeles representing Sony , said the Sony executives had n't seen the contract because `` it was n't relevant once Guber and Peters told them Warner would let them terminate it at any time . '' 
Dow Jones & Co. recently reported net fell 9.9 % , a reflection , in part , of continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's magazine . 
Volume was thin at 374.6 million shares traded , down from 405.4 million Tuesday . 
From 1980 to 1988 , while federal budget deficits totaled $ 1.41 trillion , the government issued $ 394 billion of new direct loans and an additional $ 756 billion of new primary loan guarantees . 
In a separate development , PS of New Hampshire gave 60 managers severance agreements that would pay one to three years ' salary if their jobs were changed or they were dismissed in the wake of a takeover . 
Then the whole thing will start to collapse , just as it did in the 1970s , and the ghosts and banshees will be howling through the place turning people 's hair white . 
The powerful group , which represents many of the nation 's telemarketers , was instrumental in derailing the 1987 bill . 
Imperial said in a statement it expects other complaints to be filed in the wake of the original suit and a recent article in Barron 's magazine that focused on the company 's problems . 
In 1988 , for example , Boston Co. had an estimated pretax profit of at least $ 110 million , while Shearson managed net income of just $ 96 million . 
There was no immediate estimate of damage from the company . 
Investors who listened , and lightened up on stocks , `` have just hurt themselves , '' he says . 
StatesWest Airlines said it submitted an offer to the directors of Mesa Airlines to acquire the Farmington , N.M. , carrier . 
Last month , Mr. Ruskin proposed , among other things , to buy 3.5 million shares , or 38 % , for $ 4 apiece . 
But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief manpower also is stretched . 
But , he added , interest-rate-sensitive stocks in general are stalled . 
Webster has 3.5 million shares outstanding and Eagle 2.6 million . 
D&B defines a business failure as a company that closes with losses to creditors . 
( In billions of U.S. dollars , not seasonally adjusted ) 
But though couriers work as many as 60 hours a week during the autumn rush , they leave early during slack times while still being assured of a minimum paycheck . 
And there were other blunders . 
With ballots from most of the state 's major cities in by yesterday morning , the Republicans came away with 10 % of the vote in several of the key districts . 
The defense won . 
GATT membership will not matter to Donbas coal miners short of soap , nor will a START treaty make any difference to Ukrainian nationalists . 
The close was the highest since Aug. 15 . 
That 's the only note that 's truly in tune ... ' . '' 
`` Even when I hear it played badly , I 'm still humbled by the piece . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Several medical concerns , including Pfizer Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Colgate and Abbott Laboratories intend to pursue a similar consortium approach . 
`` Think I 'll redo my image -- get this changed to a glove , '' quipped the big first baseman Saturday night , fingering the gold bat he wears on a neck chain . 
`` Our technician is a little bearish now that we 've taken out $ 20 , '' he said . 
Others complain that the consultants ' growing influence exacerbates the advantage of litigants wealthy enough to afford such pricey services . 
Interlake Corp. , proposed offering of $ 200 million of senior subordinated debentures , via Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
The changes were proposed in an effort to streamline federal bureaucracy and boost compliance by the executives `` who are really calling the shots , '' said Brian Lane , special counsel at the SEC 's office of disclosure policy , which proposed the changes . 
The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display an energy , a precision of thought and a willingness to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately . 
Almost all have involved at least half and often the firm 's entire portfolio , as the computer searches for the most undervalued investment category , following a money-management style called tactical asset allocation . 
`` I feel sorry for whoever wins , '' says a Brazilian diplomat . 
Princeton\/Newport investors , including McKinsey & Co. and the Harvard endowment , made the rational decision to withdraw their money ; for the firm , the liquidation was sentence first , verdict later . 
In 1977 , Mrs. Gandhi was thrown out of office after her 19-month emergency rule , and in 1980 , after her successors made a mess of their three years in power , she was restored to office . 
But David Lord , managing editor of Consultants News , an industry publication based in Fitzwilliam , N.H. , said an industry standard would suggest a purchase price of between one and two times Cleveland Consulting 's approximately $ 15 million annual revenue . 
On Friday , the Merc 's board announced that it had approved Sabine Pipe Line Co. 's Henry Hub in Erath , La. , as the delivery site for its long-awaited natural gas futures contract . 
Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume . 
The focus of the outcry has been stock-index arbitrage , which accounts for about half the program trading that goes on . 
The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish , helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation . 
His shrewd ability to read the shifting popular mood in East Germany is best illustrated by his apparent break with his old mentor , Mr. Honecker . 
Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez and discussed what the president called `` the unique role '' that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America . 
Fees 1 3\/4 . 
The golden share was scheduled to expire at the beginning of 
Though the ink is barely dry on its new , post-bankruptcy law structure , Bill Bullock , Manville 's head of investor relations , says the company is continually pondering `` whether there is a better way to be structured . 
As evidence , he cites yesterday 's arrangement for the final financing of a $ 3 billion bid for American Medical International Inc. in which Chemical served as both the lead bank and an equity investor . 
The threat came during a two-day celebration in Costa Rica to highlight Central America 's progress toward democracy in the region , attended by President Bush , Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and 14 other Western Hemisphere leaders . 
The Soviets ' explanation is that the anthrax came from one lot of animal feed made from the bones of cattle that grazed on soil that was naturally infected with anthrax spores . 
The Nasdaq industrial index climbed 8.17 to 458.52 , and the `` other finance '' index , made up of commercial banks and real estate and brokerage firms , rose 3.97 to 545.96 . 
State engineers have made a preliminary finding that it was failure of the concrete columns , wrenched and separated from the double-decker roadbed , that was responsible for the collapse . 
Mr. Jobs moved to remedy a couple of his computer 's drawbacks yesterday by lowering the entry-level price for a Next machine by $ 1,500 , or 23 % , if the buyer chooses a hard-disk drive as an alternative to Next 's optical-storage device . 
Indexes can be constructed to serve social goals , such as eliminating the stocks of companies doing business in South Africa . 
General Electric Capital Corp. 's Monogram Bank USA acquired a Visa and MasterCard portfolio from Commercial Federal Savings & Loan Association , an Omaha , Neb. , unit of Commercial Federal Corp. of Omaha . 
For the first nine months of the year , Hasbro 's net income rose 33 % to $ 68.2 million , or $ 1.15 a share , from $ 51.3 million , or 88 cents a share , on a 3.1 % increase in revenue to $ 992.7 million from $ 963 million a year earlier . 
Machinists already have rejected a package that would provide a 10 % pay raise plus bonuses over the three-year life of the contract . 
Indeed , that happened to some extent yesterday , as industrial stocks rebounded , partly on news of takeovers in the paper industry . 
The Big Board reported that short interest dropped to 523,920,214 shares as of Oct. 13 from 547,347,585 shares in mid-September . 
In Mexico , the analyst added , employees at the Cananea mine , who have been out of work since late August when the mine was declared bankrupt by the government , accepted a 35 % cut in the 3,800-man work force . 
For him , natural history is anything but a gradual , predictable march from primordial slime to human consciousness ; it is a careening , chaotic affair in which the emergence of a featherless biped was a one-in-a-million shot . 
Circuit breakers , designed to give the markets a breather in cases of sharp price movements , curb trading of futures or stocks at various trigger points . 
`` They are holding their own in a weak market , and the restructuring is working , '' he says . 
What is the consequence of a high-interest burden , high default rates and continued low profitability ? 
Hopefully , I 'd find someone in psychobiology who wanted to know more about mathematics . '' 
The threat to China 's balance of payments is further aggravated by the plunge in its foreign-exchange reserves , excluding gold holdings . 
In any case , he 's likely to find that the more he muzzles his colleagues , the more leaks will pop up all around Washington , a lesson once learned by Henry Kissinger . 
Guarantee by Credit Suisse . 
BPCA President and CEO David Emil hopes to negotiate a seawall that could `` be significantly more visually permeable . '' 
What you want to know is when the road 's rough , when there 's snow and ice , how 's this car going to perform ? '' 
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher told a Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , that sanctions against South Africa were `` utterly irresponsible , '' officials said . 
So far , AIDS has stricken 1,859 children under age 13 , with many times that number believed to carry the infection without symptoms . 
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy-out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement . 
Secondly , the two companies found a similarity in their business and development philosophies and intend to cooperate in a range of activities from real estate to telecommunications . 
Occasionally , all that 's needed is a little coaxing . 
Lawrence Insurance underwrites mostly primary insurance , a company spokesman said . 
Viewers can call a 900 number for additional advice , which will be tailored to their needs based on the numbers they punch ( `` Press one if you 're pregnant , '' etc . ) . 
At 3.8 million won , or $ 5,700 , the econobox is the lowest-priced car in South Korea . 
Some analysts said the consumer price index reflects a more significant slowdown in the U.S. economy than earlier indicated . 
Treasury bonds also were hurt late in the day by a $ 4 billion offering by the Tennessee Valley Authority and the prospect of a huge amount of new agency debt . 
Among their clinkers were `` The Legend of Billie Jean , '' `` VisionQuest , '' `` Clue '' and `` Clan of the Cave Bear . '' 
According to Drexel 's Mr. Demler , the potential strike is expected to be resolved quickly , which may be one reason why the situation did n't affect prices much . 
A Quotron spokeswoman said recent software changes may have contributed to yesterday 's problems . 
Not so the Soviets . 
Jerome Kern , Tele-Communications ' chief outside counsel , said he was n't aware of Time 's legal plans . 
Examiners from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency had been combing through First Interstate 's real-estate portfolio since last month ; they first recommended that First Interstate take a provision that was less than the eventual $ 350 million third-quarter hit . 
He thought the moves in the metals last week were most influenced by the uncertainty in the equity and other financial markets . 
The association issued an advisory to its 1,685 member agencies following a report from the Foreign Ministry that picture-taking by Japanese tourists in earthquake-stricken areas was causing ill feeling among local residents ... . 
`` Mad Rush '' began its life as the accompaniment to the Dalai Lama 's first public address in the U.S. , when Mr. Glass played it on the organ at New York 's Cathedral of St. John the Divine . 
McCaw said it has secured commitments from three banks to help finance its $ 125-a-share bid for 22 million of Lin 's shares . 
This will be his return on an original investment of between 50 million Swiss francs and 80 million Swiss francs . 
`` It is just one of a number of strategies JAL has embarked upon to come to terms with the situation in Europe after 1992 , '' the deadline for ending trade barriers in the EC , he said . 
Industry groups and reputable planners who are members of them want comprehensive standards , too ; they 're tired of seeing practitioners depicted collectively in the business press as dumber than chimpanzees and greedier than a herd of swine . 
`` It 's been kind of annoying , to say the least , '' she said . 
He was finally given leave when he was arrested for allegedly buying crack . 
We were coming down straight into their canal . 
A Paramount spokesman says that decision was based on the financial , not political , drawbacks of junk bonds . 
Nearly half of U.S. consumers say they 'll pay up to 5 % more for packaging that can be recycled or is biodegradable , according to a survey commissioned by the Michael Peters Group , a design consultant . 
`` Wedding Song '' gives glimpses of a Cairo that has become so much harsher since his youth , when , as he once said , `` the poorest person was able to find his daily bread and without great difficulty . '' 
The investment will be made through IBM Australia Ltd. , a unit of IBM , the two companies said yesterday . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Northrop shares closed at $ 21.125 , off 25 cents . 
But Polish agriculture does possess one great asset already : the private farmer . 
The executive recalls Mr. Corry whispering to him and others , `` Remember , this was Dave 's deal . '' 
If she remains influential with Mr. Dinkins , as some suggest she will , his mayoralty may take on a more anti-development flavor . 
Still , some aid is moving westward from Washington almost immediately . 
Under Massachusetts tax laws , corporations must pay 9.5 % of estimated profits resulting from business transactions in the state if the company conducts a variety of non-sales activities , including warranties , customer complaints and relations with independent dealerships . 
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies . 
And , apparently , it is here to stay . 
One hostile bidder who deliberately avoided using junk bonds was Paramount Communications Inc. in its initial offer to acquire Time Inc. for $ 10.7 billion , or $ 175 a share . 
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market . 
SIERRA TUCSON Cos. said it completed its initial public offering of 2.5 million common shares , which raised $ 30 million . 
Benjamin Franklin Federal Savings & Loan Association said it plans to restructure in the wake of a third-quarter loss of $ 7.7 million , or $ 1.01 a share , reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan-loss reserves . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 300 million of Remic securities in 10 classes through Goldman Sachs . 
At the other end of the life cycle is `` Dad , '' Gary David Goldberg 's adaptation of the William Wharton novel . 
12:48 a.m . 
Moreover , he is a political agent of a political president , who naturally gives extraordinary weight to the way the economy will perform before the next election , and less to its longer-run health . 
The State of Wisconsin Investment Board , which owned about 7 % of the company 's voting stock , worked with management to devise a time-limited poison pill . 
Brink 's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period , reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures . 
Holding the dam on taxes is the most important task of the Bush presidency . 
DAF is 16%-owned by British Aerospace , with a further 6.5 % held by the Dutch state-owned chemical group NV DSM . 
The nickel producer also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 20 cents and said it may buy back as much as 4.8 % of its common outstanding . 
The result ? 
They sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male-sterile plants . 
These revised figures also may explain some of the recent strength of the dollar . 
Says psyllium exporter Mr. Patel : `` I just got back yesterday from the U.S. . 
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike . 
First , there 's the name : `` asset-backed securities . '' 
With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once-sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . 
We 're standing in gasoline , so do n't smoke ! '' 
Kingdom of Morocco -- $ 208 million ( redemption amount ) of zero-coupon government trust certificates , with maturities stretching from May 15 , 1990 , to Nov. 15 , 1999 , priced at yields ranging from 8.23 % to 8.43 % . 
In that case , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not suffer financially , but they would be left without their dream job of running a studio and with a considerably scarred relationship with Warner . 
In Tokyo on Monday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.95 yen , up from Friday 's Tokyo close of 141.35 yen . 
WCRS Group announced a major restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business . 
All the more so when strong voices are heard opposing the policy . 
Judges Oakes and Leval understand the requirements of historical scholarship . 
Dealers said they also took profits to reduce holdings in their own account at the end of the October transaction period . 
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response . 
But sales for U.S. franchisees were flat at best on a per-store basis despite weak 1988 figures . 
( Ms. Bartlett would not discuss her garden for this article . ) 
Not only could the Wall Street gyrations damp Christmas sales if consumers lose confidence in the economy , but potential junk-bond buyers are sure to demand even stronger covenants and greater management equity participation . 
And he has attached himself to the Lincoln story tenaciously . 
One dealer , Martin Zimet of French & Co. in New York , says he `` would have loved to buy '' a Jan Davids de Heem painting from the bank . 
IF YOU FORCE financial planners to sum up their most important advice in a single sentence , it would probably be a one-word sentence : Diversify . 
Large and lavish , `` Traviata '' is another addition to the Met 's growing stock of cast-proof productions mostly by Mr. Zeffirelli . 
The agreement is said to be similar to Warner 's 50-50 partnership with record and movie producer David Geffen , whose films and records are distributed by the Warner Bros. studio and the Warner records unit . 
DeSoto Inc. said it is dismissing 200 employees as part of a restructuring aimed at producing pretax savings of $ 10 million annually . 
That plan would provide a 30 % exclusion to assets sold over a 2 1\/2-year period ending Dec. 31 , 1991 . 
`` He said he wanted to show the color of his money , '' recalls Mr. Diebel . 
`` They are angry about the government ... so they hold back the goods , '' he said . 
Other costs also would increase , including maintenance , because Eastern has an older fleet . 
A spokeswoman said Toronto-based Campeau has received `` expressions of interest '' in Bloomingdale 's , but she declined to comment on whether any actual bids had been made . 
That also is n't easy . 
Of 1,224 companies surveyed , 31 % expect to cut spending on plant equipment and machinery , while only 28 % plan to spend more . 
Finnair , Finland 's state-owned airline , joined the wave of global airline alliances and signed a wide-ranging cooperation agreement with archrival Scandinavian Airlines System . 
First City 's portfolio includes approximately 640,000 accounts with about $ 550 million in loans outstanding . 
Results for the earlier quarter included a $ 100,000 restructuring charge . 
CDs sold by major brokerage houses , which like jumbo CDs tend to closely follow interest rate trends , also posted larger drops in yields . 
In any event , Ms. Gruberova barely ventilated Violetta 's anguish in her long meeting with Wolfgang Brendel , who as Germont seemed fairly desperate trying to inject an Italianate lilt into his heavy , teutonic baritone . 
Besides signing Mr. Aikman to a sizable contract , Mr. Jones has agreed to pay rookie quarterback Steve Walsh $ 4.1 million over the next four years . 
Triad Solutions says software producers had each invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in programs that now have no use . 
And unlike IBM 's water-cooled mainframes , it does n't need any plumbing . 
The recession , that is . 
But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a `` national problem , '' Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. said , `` We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term '' to help the situation . 
But Philip Morris has scaled back ad spending on the brand over the past year , industry executives said , and it now bills about $ 30 million to $ 40 million . 
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland . 
That happens when nervous stock investors dump equities and buy Treasurys , which are higher in quality and thus considered safe . 
President Bush says he will name Donald E. Kirkendall to the new Treasury post of inspector general , which has responsibilities for the IRS ... . 
Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility `` increases the possibility of economic recession and reinforces the bad news '' from recent trade deficit , employment and housing reports . 
Keio Teito Electric Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- 
By that logic , the closing of a deal could be much further away than three to four months , even though the eventual price might be higher . 
Mr. Strieber knows a lot about aliens . 
As for California being a state run by liberal environmental loonies , let 's not forget where Ronald Reagan came from . 
The new market helped boost U.S. fur sales to about $ 1.8 billion a year now , triple the level in the late 1970s . 
In addition to commercial markets , Digital 's new line targets the low end of the engineering and scientific supercomputer market , when it 's packaged with an optional supercharger , known as a vector processor . 
India 's Gandhi called for parliamentary elections next month . 
Its resilience around these levels is pegged to persistent investor demand for the greenback , especially in Japan . 
`` A number of us are not going to touch capital gains , IRAs or anything else unless it contributes to deficit-reduction , '' said Sen. Charles Robb ( D. , Va. ) , who is one of the 10 to 20 Democrats who the Bush administration believes might favor giving preferential treatment to capital gains . 
Last month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales . 
The bankruptcy-court reorganization is being challenged before the Supreme Court by a dissident group of claimants because it places a cap on the total amount of money available to settle claims . 
ABC Sports was looking for ways to lift deflated halftime ratings for `` Monday Night Football . '' 
Conner dominates the market for hard-disk drives used to store data in laptop computers . 
`` Five years ago , magazine publishers would simply bid on an advertiser 's big ad schedule for their magazine , '' said Mr. Murphy . 
Federal wiretap statutes recognize the right of employers to monitor employees ' for evaluation purposes . 
However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil and gas : Having two major products would lessen the company 's vulnerability to one market 's down cycle and help smooth out the flow of cash and earnings . 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO. , Fairfield , Conn. , consumer , industrial products and broadcasting concern , annual sales of $ 50 billion , NYSE , said its GE Nuclear Energy unit , with 1,600 Bay-area employees , had only minor damage at its San Jose headquarters . 
But my father meant it to mean real separation , '' says the son . 
Trading volume was a moderately heavy 3.1 million shares . 
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index fell 84.15 points to 35442.40 . 
In contrast , an investor holding the Dow Jones portfolio over the year would have accumulated only $ 127,446 . 
Since 1979 , the number of motel rooms has fallen by 17,000 . 
Anne Burford , the former EPA chief who resigned under fire in 1983 during a flap with Congress , was kayoed in the confrontation , even though she was never charged with official wrondgoing . 
Dana Corp. said its third-quarter net income fell 27 % to $ 29.6 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 40.7 million , or $ 1 a share , a year earlier . 
Like many of his colleagues , he did n't serve in Vietnam in the 1960s yet embraced a hawkish defense and foreign policy -- even voting against a 1984 resolution critical of the U.S. mining of Nicaraguan harbors . 
Results included a $ 37 million gain from the sale of rights from Chevron 's investment in Amax Inc. , and a loss of $ 30 million from the sale of California oil and gas properties . 
Bio-Technology General Corp. received tenders for 97.9 % of its 7.5 % convertible senior subordinated notes due April 15 , 1997 , and 96 % of its 11 % convertible senior subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2006 . 
Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing . 
In June , farmers held onto meat , milk and grain , waiting for July 's usual state-directed price rises . 
But the San Francisco delegation finds itself asking that the cap per household be lifted to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 to assist the hard hit but often wealthy Marina district . 
Although September 's weakness followed two strong months for home sales , the decline supports other indications that the drop in mortgage rates earlier this year has had only a limited beneficial effect on the housing market . 
Eric C. Meltzer 
Total snack-food profit rose 30 % . 
An improvisational section was built around pieces by Mr. Douglas , beginning with `` Golden Rain , '' a lilting , laid-back lead in to the uptempo `` Sky , '' which gave Mr. Stoltzman the opportunity to wail in a high register and show off his fleet fingers . 
In driftnet , or `` wall of death , '' fishing , fleets lay nets up to three miles long that trap almost everything in their path . 
General Electric Co. 's rail-car leasing unit completed the $ 178.5 million purchase of similar businesses from Leucadia National Corp. and Brae Corp. , 74%-owned by Leucadia , the sellers said . 
Y.J. Park and her family scrimped for four years to buy a tiny apartment here , but found that the closer they got to saving the $ 40,000 they originally needed , the more the price rose . 
The son of a Seagram 's executive who was stationed in many countries around the world , Mr. McDonough was born in Tokyo and attended 19 schools in places ranging from Hong Kong to Shaker Heights , Ohio , before entering Dartmouth College . 
Among its restructuring measures , the company said it plans to sell 53 of its 453 branch offices and to lay off 800 employees . 
`` Why we even just sold a three-bedroom house in Van Nuys and were able to keep the price firm in a weak real-estate market by noting that the original Lone Ranger lived there , '' says David Rambo , a sales associate with Jon Douglas Co. , a Los Angeles real-estate agency . 
Two reform-minded party leaders favored by Moscow as possible successors to Mr. Honecker , Dresden party secretary Hans Modrow and Politburo member Guenter Schabowski , were passed over . 
Stewart & Stevenson makes equipment powered with diesel and gas turbines . 
The department 's most significant clarification of existing RICO policy is a directive to prosecutors that they should seek to seize assets from defendants `` in proportion '' to the nature of the alleged offense , Mr. Runkel said . 
But James Madison refuted that argument in one of the most celebrated political treatises ever written , No. 10 of the Federalist Papers . 
The Justice Department alleges that the company `` engaged in various forms of misrepresentation '' with the goal of reducing the appraised value of employees ' homes . 
It 's hard to accept that it 's over and only took 15 seconds . 
Under bankruptcy law , Eastern has exclusive rights for a certain period to develop its own reorganization plan . 
According to the American Cancer Society , smoking is responsible for 85 % of the lung-cancer cases among men and 75 % among women . 
`` We have n't modified our schedules in any way , '' said a Sun spokesman . 
Adds Robert Juliano , the head lobbyist for a variety of interests that want to protect the tax deduction for travel and entertainment expenses : `` It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again . '' 
So the administration dropped it . 
A major Tokyo newspaper reported that a Japanese department store concern is planning to offer about $ 1.3 billion to buy Bloomingdale 's . 
But after building up a commanding lead , the moderate to conservative Mr. Collor has slipped to about 30 % in the polls from a high of about 43 % only a few weeks ago . 
And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers as ingrates . 
`` If he had been found guilty , we could have stopped him . '' 
Fending off attacks on his economic policies in a House of Commons debate yesterday , Mr. Lawson said inflation `` remains the greatest threat to our economic well-being '' and promised to take `` whatever steps are needed '' to choke it off . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 102 2\/32 , down nearly 5\/8 point from Thursday , or about $ 6.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
`` When I first got a glimpse at the witness list , I could n't believe that they were going to go ahead and do this , '' says Michael Waldman , director of Congress Watch , a consumer group . 
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing . 
An increasing number of references by the Soviet press to opposition groups now active in the U.S.S.R. , particularly the Democratic Union , allege that they show `` terroristic tendencies '' and claim that they would be prepared to kill in order to achieve their aims . 
Ohbayashi Corp. agreed to buy E.W. Howell Co. , the U.S. subsidiary of Selmer-Sande AS , of Norway , for about $ 7 million . 
Over several decades , for instance , investors who put up with the stock market 's gyrations earned returns far in excess of those on bonds and `` cash '' investments like Treasury bills . 
But the complex language is n't the only reason . 
The mayor said the Quayle visit was `` a publicity stunt . '' 
Vickers PLC , a British aerospace , defense and automotive conglomerate , said it reached an agreed cash bid of # 108.2 million ( $ 173.3 million ) for Ross Catherall Group PLC , a maker of specialty alloy and ceramics . 
And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars . 
The fund 's cash position is now about 22 % , which Mr. Bacarella calls `` still bearish . '' 
In his letter and on the basis of his losing vote Tuesday against U.S. aid for the Nicaraguan opposition , Senator Kerry makes clear he has not made that intellectual leap . 
The Senate bill contains many provisions that will increase the costs of trading . 
That might have been considered hyperinflation not long ago , but Argentina endured price increases of almost 200 % in July before bringing the rate down sharply in August and September . 
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
MLX Corp. said it reached a preliminary agreement with senior lenders to its refrigeration and air-conditioning group to restructure the $ 188.5 million of credit facilities the lenders provide to the group . 
Abby Cohen , an investment strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , also thinks it makes sense to have some money in both utilities and gold . 
In general , markets function well and adjust smoothly to changing economic and financial circumstances . 
Let 's rationalize our priorities by solving pollution problems at the local level as heretofore . 
Stocks : Volume 198,120,000 shares . 
`` Nobody is going to make a real bid before the middle of November , '' said one investment banker familiar with the discussions in Japan . 
Unisys also noted that it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter , even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss . 
Some entrepreneurs are still active , though . 
I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients , a couple , and the building started shaking like crazy . 
Michael R. Weisberg , partner in charge of research at Robertson Stephens & Co. in San Francisco , said some investors have already made the switch . 
BRIEFS : 
Of course , the quake was the worst since the emergence of the computer era turned Silicon Valley into the nation 's capital of high technology . 
This expected blow has cast a pall over the economy 's prospects . 
Under a previous buyback program , Inco has purchased 1.7 million of its shares since April . 
Connecticut already has issued a `` notice of intent '' to revoke Drexel 's brokerage license . 
The company sells image . 
$ 75.1 million , two-part offering of bonds apparently was won by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group . 
It is a certainty that Mr. Barre 's days are numbered . 
Judge Merhige is overseeing the bankruptcy-law reorganization of A.H. Robins Co. , the company that manufactured the shield . 
It 's much cheaper than permanent insurance bought at the same age . 
More recently , Sotheby 's has predicted the collection will fetch $ 140 million . 
The sterilizing gene is expressed just before the pollen is about to develop and it deactivates the anthers of every flower in the plant . 
But `` the Soviet Union has areas where it is n't behind Japan , '' says Mikhail Shapovalov of the Soviet Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations . 
But given such strong brand disloyalty , some marketers are putting renewed emphasis on image advertising . 
About 47 % are loyal for one to five of the products . 
`` The capital market is booming . '' 
The main reason : salmonella . 
Next 's computer also needs more software applications , but Mr. Jobs said he expects more soon . 
Traders said that a nearly 40-point gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , fueled in part by news of a lower-than-expected price index , had little influence on the dollar 's moves . 
In coming years , Mr. Cathcart says , Kidder is `` gon na hum . '' 
`` The U.S. government could be , in effect , subsidizing political contributions to corporate PACs , '' he says . 
WASHINGTON -- 
Both the House and Senate bills to reduce the cost and coverage of the catastrophic-care plan would eliminate the cap on doctor 's bills . 
The urging admittedly has been gentle . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Merrill Lynch cut its rating and 1990 earnings estimate Thursday , citing weakness in its credit-rating business . 
And what about the cost , and risk , of waiting to realize the hypothetical private market values ? '' 
All orders-related components , such as consumer-goods orders and building permits , are thought to have been weaker . 
`` The carpetbaggers , '' snorts the narrator with a Texas twang , `` have packed their bags and went . '' 
Most companies still are trying to sort through the wreckage caused by Hurricane Hugo in the Carolinas last month . 
Fosset so far is the only member of a financial exchange to be forced to be taken over by another firm as a result of Friday 's rout . 
Mr. Trump withdrew his bid before the AMR board , which is due to meet tomorrow , ever formally considered it . 
The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 . 
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth . 
But it did n't sing . 
Mr. Lee , president of Luzon Petrochemical Corp. , said the contract was signed Wednesday in Tokyo with USI Far East officials . 
This could mean diminished issuance of derivative mortgage issues during the next few weeks . 
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating-rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three-month LIBOR . 
J.C. Penney Co. is extending its involvement in a televised home-shopping service by five to 10 years . 
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount . 
The unit represents a small portion of Minneapolis-based Control Data 's overall computer-servicing business , which last year posted sales of about $ 400 million . 
Even though National Geographic offers far more readers than does a magazine like Smithsonian , `` the page costs you an arm and a leg to develop any frequency , '' says Harry Glass , New York media manager for Bozell Inc . 
For instance , he noted , the Fed studies have shown that blacks receive more home improvement loans than whites . 
the Dow has more ups and downs than an elevator , '' proclaimed an advertisement Monday in New York newspapers , touting Lincoln Savings Bank 's one-year CD . 
The reason is simple . 
James A. White contributed to this article . 
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control . 
Southern 's Gulf Power unit may plead guilty this week to charges it illegally steered company money to politicians through third parties . 
Britain 's unsettled political scene also worries some investors . 
THE FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD'S coming rule on disclosure involving financial instruments will be effective for financial statements with fiscal years ending after June 15 , 1990 . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Citizens First , which controls Citizens First National Bank and is based in Glen Rock , N.J. , will pay a maximum of 40 % in cash for the parent of Lakeland Savings Bank and the remainder in convertible preferred stock , with a liquidation value of $ 18 a share . 
Police in Prague raided an international meeting on human rights , detaining Czechoslovakia 's former foreign minister , Jiri Hajak , and 14 other activists . 
The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . 
9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
What am I doing in Jackson Hole ? 
Ford said yesterday it will halt imports of the Merkur Scorpio , a $ 28,000 luxury sedan built by Ford of Europe in West Germany . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
David J. Lothson , an industry analyst for PaineWebber Group Inc. , said Johnson & Johnson 's results slightly exceeded his expectations for the third quarter . 
The U.S. is required to notify foreign dictators if it knows of coup plans likely to endanger their lives , government officials said . 
Canada , which is preparing to speed up tariff cuts with the U.S. , recorded a 47 % narrowing in its trade surplus with the U.S. in August , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , reported . 
Last month , the General Accounting Office reported that defaults in Federal Housing Administration guarantees were five times as high as previously estimated , and that FHA 's equity fell to minus $ 2.9 billion . 
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million . 
The plan places an indicated value on the real estate operation , Santa Fe Pacific Realty Corp. , of $ 2 billion . 
Anti-abortion forces regard him as at best an uncertain ally . 
Californians , meanwhile , tried to cope with still-limited services , blocked roadways and water shortages in the aftermath of the tremor that left scores dead and injured . 
The wholesaler of cash and carry merchandise reported fiscal fourthquarter earnings that were better than analysts had expected . 
Until it was closed Tuesday , it had provided the quickest series of exits for commuters from the Bay Bridge heading into the Financial District . 
But the effort became snagged on the question of what would become of other issues , ranging from cutting the capital-gains tax to child care to repeal of catastrophic-illness insurance . 
He says he spent $ 300 million on his art business this year . 
So he adjusts . 
Those rates are up from 7.52 % and 7.50 % , respectively , at last week 's auction . 
In Europe , the Rothschilds banks are focusing on mergers and acquisitions as European industry restructures ahead of 1992 . 
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club . 
Instead of helping his company in the defense spending slowdown , Dynamic Engineering Inc. , a troubled subsidiary that makes wind tunnels for the space industry , contributed to much of QuesTech 's $ 3.3 million loss on $ 55.6 million in revenue last year . 
Soo Line said its board appointed a special committee of independent directors to study the proposal . 
That done , Ms. Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , Russian culture , human nature , and parties . 
Complex cases , such as antitrust suits and many business disputes , would receive intense supervision by federal judges to keep pretrial proceedings moving . 
`` We think these trends will continue and will produce a very disappointing fourth quarter as well , '' he said . 
Among other things , the law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex and pregnancy . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
A lengthy recession , if it materializes , would drain state coffers and create severe hardships for urban workers . 
Steve Kloves , the young writer and director ( he is n't yet 30 ) , has only one produced picture to his credit ; he wrote the screenplay for `` Racing With the Moon , '' a lovely coming-of-age picture set in the '40s . 
Since 1987 , 40 states have increased the speed limit on rural interstates . 
But that was not to be . 
Such defensive issues as food , tobacco , and drug stocks have been in favor for some time . 
Published in 1949 , it follows the decline of a Cairo family with the saga-like sweep and rich detail that critics often compare to Dickens , Balzac and Galsworthy . 
If he calls you up , just tell him everything is fine . '' 
While recognizing that professional environmentalists may feel threatened , I intend to urge that UV-B be monitored whenever I can . 
`` The question remains : how much can the West German market absorb ? '' says one senior dealer . 
State law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams , and reports from watchdog groups such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus are not encouraging . 
It also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
When they determined that GM needed parts more quickly , Armco convinced a steel service center to build a processing plant nearby so shipments could be delivered within 15 minutes . 
Universities such as Harvard and MIT should be able to develop a way to act as brokers for the individual scientists , says Katherine Bick , who oversees the huge NIH grants program as its deputy director for extramural research . 
`` It smacks of big brotherism . 
`` The Campeau situation is a little uncertain and very difficult to analyze . '' 
Mr. Bakes previously had a turn at running Continental . 
Among other things , the brief cited insufficient evidence . 
Eastern , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , said it is examining the ruling to determine if it can appeal . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
The proposed holding company would also consolidate Great American Bank in San Diego and its Tucson , Ariz. , savings bank into a single , federally chartered institution in San Diego . 
But the truth is that almost everyone , from real-estate agents to city fathers , name-drops ; and a surprising number of people have an ancient uncle who claims he lived next door to the cartoonist who did the Katzenjammer Kids . 
Helionetics Inc. said it agreed to team with a unit of Minneapolis-based Honeywell Inc. to provide power amplifiers for a new military sonar system being proposed by Honeywell . 
The average interest rate rose to 8.3875 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.337 % at last week 's sale . 
SsangYong began making variations of the Jeep-like `` Korando '' vehicle . 
These utopians caused the deaths -- by starvation , disease or execution -- of well over one million Cambodians . 
He says he thinks his company is just a few years from doing that . 
If excess capacity develops , they say , not everyone will suffer . 
Traders say this all goes to show that even the smartest money manager can get infected with crowd passions . 
How did this happen ? 
The real estate can be used , he points out , as guarantees for bank loans for corporate development . 
According to chief scriptwriter Rene Villanueva , `` Batibot '' does n't set out to advance the cause of Filipino . 
`` By putting these pithy statements on the solicitations , hundreds of thousands of dollars are claimed to have been spent on education to consumers when in fact this represents the costs of sending the newsletters . '' 
An accountant did not review the seller 's books before buying a business . 
Still , proponents may be shying away from more drumbeating because they sense political tides have turned against arming the Nicaraguan rebels or boosting spending on SDI -- particularly when the public perceives the Soviet threat is declining under Mikhail Gorbachev . 
When Roger Birnbaum , an executive who worked for Guber Peters in the early 1980s , left to take a job as head of production at the United Artists studio , they made him forfeit all credits and financial interest in the films he had helped develop , including `` Rainman '' and `` Batman . '' 
Goldman Sachs 's Mr. Einhorn , for one , subscribes to that scenario . 
Matthew Lesko , something of a professional defender of government , thought he had a sure-fire winner last summer when he offered $ 5,000 for the best `` verifiable story of 250 words or less about how a government bureaucrat helped you . '' 
But it 's generally accepted that sterilized intervention has little or no lasting impact on currency values . 
Ms. Bogart , an acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages that tear into such sacred texts as Rodgers and Hammerstein 's `` South Pacific , '' is decidedly downtown . 
He also mentioned increased capital investment by Pacific Bell for network improvements . 
Some competing forest-products firms have recently reported improved results due to strong pulp and paper business . 
While each of the Hamilton-Dorgan proposals represents only a small step , together they would erode the Fed 's independence , Mr. Greenspan said . 
Its current ad campaign , on which Maidenform has spent more than $ 15 million since fall 1987 , does n't even show its underwear products , but rather men like Christopher Reeve , star of the `` Superman '' movies , talking about their lingerie turn-ons . 
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . '' 
Investors , he advises , `` should be cautious , '' holding fewer stocks than usual and also shunning bonds . 
San Francisco area officials gave the media high marks for helping people find shelter and obtain emergency information after Tuesday 's catastrophic earthquake . 
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment . 
The McLean , Va. , company modifies computers to keep sensitive military data out of unfriendly hands . 
Sales totaled $ 1.81 billion up from $ 1.71 billion the previous year . 
`` We are reaching the moment of truth '' on Wall Street , said Rep. Edward J. Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House subcommittee on telecommunications and finance . 
Other funds have recently sold weak junk bonds to raise cash . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 170,330,000 shares . 
Connaught is a biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concern . 
The company 's latest announcement said Mr. Waggoner will remain a director of Staar , a maker of products for small-incision surgery . 
But the Fed is n't enthusiastic about Treasury efforts to bring down the value of the dollar through intervention in foreign-exchange markets , and the Treasury is frustrated at the Fed 's reluctance to cut interest rates to pull down the dollar 's value . 
The year-earlier nine months include a gain of $ 35 million , or 13 cents a share , from sale of the company 's Electricity Control & Transformers division . 
In late Friday afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen , off from late Thursday 's 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen . 
Sales for the latest quarter were flat , at $ 1.72 billion . 
Or did Mr. Chestman only hear a market rumor ( which one may lawfully trade upon ) ? 
She thinks the market could drop about 10 % in the next few months , then recover and go higher . 
Seventh chords make you feel as though he may break into a ( very slow ) improvisatory riff . 
In major market activity : 
In either case , the investor faces three possible outcomes : 
Parts are a tragedy . 
Some of the three other bidding groups are expected to increase their offers tomorrow , a date set for revised offers by a bankruptcy court judge . 
Put option March 31 , 1992 , at 107 3\/4 to yield a fixed 3.52 % . 
Bond prices were little changed in sluggish activity . 
Specifically , Fujitsu won the right to design the specifications for a computerized system that will show water lines throughout the city . 
`` I think he is trying to improperly influence a witness , and by God I 'm not going to tolerate it , '' he says . 
This measure had dropped sharply in August . 
For some banks that 10 % ceiling created problems . 
Although this White House pressure was clearly a factor among committee Republicans , no single influence was greater than Mr. Whitten . 
He said the move will `` significantly reduce administrative and operating costs , '' but he did n't provide details of the merger . 
A spokesman said later that Mr. Olson was being `` conservative '' in his estimate . 
Give him an F for his failure to understand the ethics of economic equity . 
If rates unexpectedly rise , the increasing return on the money fund will partly offset the lower-than-expected return from the bond fund . 
But employing this kind of gut-wrenching plea to black consciousness makes it even more unusual . 
On Friday , when only a dozen common stocks hit 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange , five were gold-mining issues , and another four were utilities . 
That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines . 
But the tax-preparation business simply has no more room to grow , says Mark Cremonie , director of research for Capital Supervisors Inc. , a Chicago firm that manages $ 6.5 billion . 
Florida National stock closed unchanged at $ 25.875 in national over-the-counter trading . 
He says his company 's prowess at packaging and marketing `` is why we 'll be good at Columbia . 
After hours of conflict and debate , that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity . 
But buyers are essentially betting on a start-up investment fund with no track record -- and some have been encouraged to borrow to do so . 
The Winter Games outlook also is mixed . 
Hale Milgrim , 41 years old , senior vice president , marketing at Elecktra Entertainment Inc. , was named president of Capitol Records Inc. , a unit of this entertainment concern . 
Las Vegas promises , or threatens , to become a giant carnival , with rooms to be had for $ 45 a day or less , for visitors uninspired solely by gambling . 
Ms. Garratt was the subject of a Wall Street Journal article in March . 
Imasco is a tobacco , retailing , restaurant and financial services concern . 
However , Dr. Etienne-Emile Baulieu , the French physician who invented RU-486 , wrote in a Science magazine article last month that the rabbit-test results could not be duplicated in rats and monkeys . 
Czeslaw Pyszkiewicz owns 30 acres in 14 scattered scraps . 
CNBC will produce six , one-hour programs , beginning in April 1990 . 
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47-year-old Mr. Campaneris . 
Buddy Young , president , said the company expects to conclude negotiations with other creditors within 60 days . 
Anybody with a mailbox can answer that : sheer , overwhelming , mind-numbing volume . 
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . '' 
The Big Board declined to name the Wall Street firms involved in the activity Friday and Monday , or the type of strategies used . 
We must not forget , however , that such a humble political experiment could cause a global tidal wave of shocks in real-estate and financial markets . 
`` It 's great to feel good for once in 15 years , '' says Harrison Hickman , a consultant to abortion-rights advocates , reflecting the relief of his compatriots after last week 's victories , the first major events since the Supreme Court , in its July 3 Webster decision , permitted the states to enact restrictions on abortions . 
The existence of the guidelines has become known since President Bush disclosed them privately to seven Republican senators at a White House meeting last Monday . 
The company declined to estimate the value of the Norwegian holding . 
The disagreement centers on testing deadlines and other issues involving a FileNet system installed earlier this year . 
The spokeswoman confirmed that the bank has significantly reduced its muni holdings , but could n't immediately confirm the amount . 
A labor chief speaks sardonically of having to `` man and woman '' Election Day phones . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6055 , up from $ 1.6030 late Monday . 
And those swings paled beside Friday 's 190.58-point plunge and Monday 's 88.12-point recovery . 
In some of the experiments , it killed almost all the infected cells , the researchers said . 
The brigade has n't been heard from since , but we keep the staff around just in case . 
In the first six months of this year , Berlitz posted net income of $ 7.6 million on sales of $ 106.2 million , compared with net income of $ 8.2 million on sales of $ 90.6 million . 
`` We cleared out a lot of rats ' nests , '' says the 60-year-old security veteran . 
`` They are just too busy to meet domestic demand and have little room for overseas shipments , '' the official said . 
According to Lawrence Eckenfelder , a securities industry analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , `` Kemper is the first firm to make a major statement with program trading . '' 
The London-based concern will sell most of its ad unit to France 's Eurocom . 
Deposits are n't expected to exceed withdrawals in the foreseeable future , as the industry continues to shrink . 
Her mother was a translator ; her father was `` the eternal vice director . '' 
Walter M. Brady was named a senior vice president of this insurer in the Canadian head office . 
The venture plans to announce a final site by late November . 
The stock received another blow on Friday , when Goldman Sachs analyst Eric Philo advised that investors with short-term horizons should avoid Dun & Bradstreet stock because it is unlikely to outperform the market . 
Amcast previously had said it planned to repurchase shares , but did n't disclose when or how many shares it intended to buy back . 
Mr. Ayers is editor and publisher of the Anniston , Ala. , Star . 
`` From the standpoint of being on the forefront of technology , this is a step backward , '' said Jerry W. Sprecher , a senior computing manager for the California state university system . 
`` The risks for sterling of a bad trade figure are very heavily on the down side , '' said Chris Dillow , senior U.K. economist at Nomura Research Institute . 
Mr. Gelbart clearly feels that all the participants in a congressional hearing -- the witnesses , the lawyers , the interrogators and the news media -- are performers . 
Drilling activity is still far below eight years ago , there 's no hiring surge and some companies continue to shrink . 
Dow Jones industrials 2596.72 , off 17.01 ; transportation 1190.43 , off 14.76 ; utilities 215.86 , up 0.19 . 
Fully 62 % of the doctors surveyed for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. think their fellow physicians are responsible for rising health-care costs , ahead of hospitals ( 55 % ) and patients ( 48 % ) . 
`` Then there 'll be another swing . 
The drop is particularly large for white males , although black males and white and black women also show lower mortality rates . 
One group of middle-aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city . 
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag . 
In February , Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan to abolish the units . 
And in the second game , with Mr. Kasparov advancing ferociously as white , D.T. offered feeble resistance and lost even faster . 
It also faces numerous other hurdles including an agreement on a pipeline route for the gas . 
In a new report , the International Council of Shopping Centers said sales of general merchandise in the West for the first seven months of 1989 rose 6.6 % above year-earlier levels . 
The agreement calls for South African debtors to make repayments in eight installments , starting in December of next year . 
`` You 're making a pure bet on the market . 
Complete details were n't immediately available . 
Congress has enough difficulty dealing with the realities of the world as it currently exists . 
While this theory is exceedingly simple , it appears to explain several things . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3411.08 , up 
In addition , Boeing said it also will reorganize all its work in Wichita into military and commercial divisions . 
Israel has been accused in the past of using subterfuge to seek elements needed to develop nuclear weapons . 
Maybe we recognize values the other guys do n't , '' Mr. Pilson says . 
The sheer number of planners makes the business extremely difficult , if not impossible , to regulate . 
Using the the NWA takeover as a benchmark , First Boston on Sept. 14 estimated that UAL was worth $ 250 to $ 344 a share based on UAL 's results for the 12 months ending last June 30 , but only $ 235 to $ 266 based on a management estimate of results for 1989 . 
DDB Needham 's office building may have sustained structural damage , the spokesman added . 
The Senate 's public gallery was packed with Judge Hastings ' supporters , who erupted into applause after he finished his argument . 
They argue that their own languages should have equal weight , although recent surveys indicate that the majority of the country 's population understands Filipino more than any other language . 
Drugs continue to be sold openly around schools , parks and housing projects . '' 
The new bonds will be dated Oct. 30 and mature Oct. 15 , 2019 . 
Instead , he says , if the salespeople can get the customers to consider Wang 's products on their merits , he or a top financial officer will try to assuage the fears about finances . 
Corporate Issues 
Vanguard Group Inc. saw heavy exchanges from stock funds into money market funds after the telephone lines opened at 8:30 a.m . 
TVS blames difficulties in peddling reruns of MTM shows to U.S. broadcasters for the problems at MTM . 
In any case , they avoid having to write off the loans . 
He said the ordinance also will benefit the mentally retarded . 
As Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has opened up the country to foreign trade , the discrepancy has become ever greater . 
The move , which could cost TransCanada as much as 50 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 42.5 million ) in relocation and severance payments , should be complete by next summer , Mr. Maier said . 
USX , which had n't set a date for the offering , did n't disclose any timetable for the offering . 
Much of the excess spending will be pushed into fiscal 1991 , and in some cases is temporarily parked in slow-spending accounts in anticipation of being transferred to faster-spending areas after the budget scorekeeping is completed . 
That introduction comes only two weeks after Compaq Computer Corp. , believing it had a lead of three to six months on competitors , introduced the first U.S. notebook computer with such features . 
Another fight is brewing between Congress and the Bush administration over how to pay for the savings-and-loan bailout without adding to the federal budget deficit . 
The latest report compares with a modest 9.9 % increase in July machinery orders from a year earlier . 
If the government can stick with them , it will be able to halve this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit . 
Also , it is n't exposed to the weakening newsprint business , and is strong in the less-cyclical tissue business . 
Its best hope of acceptance by its neighbours lies in reaching a settlement with the Palestinians . 
That 's an emerging business in which computer makers or consultants provide turnkey communications and computing services to major corporations . 
She is told she ca n't enter unless she is accompanied by an inspector . 
The Treasury contended that TVA could n't borrow from both it and the public debt market . 
Those chips were in dire shortage last year , hurting many U.S. computer companies that could n't get sufficient Japanese-supplied chips . 
Small retailers who ca n't afford to travel to his New York showroom have become fair game . 
`` That is a minimum figure , and I underscore minimum , '' said House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) after conferring with California lawmakers . 
Transamerica expects an after-tax charge of less than $ 3 million against fourth-quarter net ; Hartford Insurance Group , a unit of ITT Corp. , expects a $ 15 million or 10 cents after-tax charge ; and Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million before taxes and after using its reinsurance . 
He said the company expects to be `` on target '' with analysts ' projections by year end but conceded that the fourth quarter represents `` a significant challenge . '' 
For three years , a healthy economy and the export-boosting effects of a weak dollar propelled sales and earnings of the big paper companies to record levels . 
Merchant banker Morgan Grenfell climbed 14 to 406 on renewed takeover speculation . 
The announcement got wide exposure in the Japanese media , and even moved some pharmaceutical stocks yesterday . 
This { Wednesday } morning the San Mateo bridge was open and now we are informed that it is closed , '' Mr. Schumacher said . 
The procedure causes `` great uncertainty '' because an investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability , Lloyd 's said . 
That settlement represented the first time shareholders were granted a major payment in a greenmail case . 
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair . 
If you bought , you wish you had n't , and if you sold , you wish you had n't . '' 
The State Department said it has n't yet seen copies of those papers . 
`` There 's more and more of this cash-up-front going on at every level , '' says Bruce Miller , president of Art Funding Corp. , an art lender . 
Yet some people are advancing a chilling casuistry : that what we are seeing is somehow the understandable result of the historical sins committed by the Turks in the 16th century . 
Another close ally is Ruth Messinger , a Manhattan city councilwoman , some of whose programs , such as commercial rent control , have made their way into Mr. Dinkins 's position papers . 
The northern piers of the span lie in estuarian deposits that were of a type to have liquefied easily during the 1906 quake . 
No major player in the SCI TV deal will talk publicly . 
But the shift has also been fueled by necessity . 
The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by Penn Central , a definitive agreement and regulatory approvals . 
He said unfavorable currency translations were also a factor in the quarter . 
His chief advantage in the fight : his intimate knowledge of American ways and weaknesses . 
The company also hopes the latest acquisition will help secure large construction orders from Japanese concerns with U.S. operations . 
NatWest , the most actively traded of the banks , finished at 300 , up 1 . 
`` On the down side , sales could fall as much as 90 % for some companies ; on the upper side , sales will be flat . '' 
It operates various types of addiction-treatment facilities . 
Norman L. Owens Tempe , Ariz . 
The Pentagon foiled the plan . 
The Treasury said it will alter the auctions unless it has assurance of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auctions Monday . 
The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison . 
ALAMCO Inc. said its board has approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split . 
So far as we can see , there is no disagreement among Mr. Baker , Mr. Quayle , the Mr. Gates we 've read , or for that matter President Bush . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. became the first company world-wide to announce a product based on the chip earlier this month , but it wo n't start shipping the computers until early next year . 
Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 50 % of France 's Carat Holding for 2.02 billion French francs ( $ 318.7 million ) and expanding commercial and equity ties with advertising group Eurocom . 
Filipino -- once known as Pilipino -- is predominantly Tagalog , the Malay-based language spoken in a part of the country 's principal island of Luzon . 
`` They always listened , but they never acted , '' Mr. Guber says . 
After talking on and off for the past four weeks , Mr. Roman said , he agreed to take the job because `` it 's the right time , it 's a terrific opportunity , and I think I leave the company in very strong hands . 
One large competitor after another is leaping into the booming market Specialized helped create , turning out mountain bikes with such well-known names as Schwinn , Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki . 
The Canadian pig herd totaled 10,674,500 at Oct. 1 , down 3 % from a year earlier , said Statistics Canada , a federal agency . 
This is a story about suckers . 
In one , birds are the dominant carnivores ; in another the seas abound with `` little penises . '' 
Players ran out on the field way below , and the stands began to reverberate . 
`` One team pays so much and the other pays more . 
In late trading on London 's Stock Exchange Friday , TVS shares rose four pence to 195 pence a share . 
Mobil 
Discrepancies go unexplained in `` Confidential '' ( one ex-player claims he received $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 for his season football tickets while others said theirs brought only a few hundred dollars ) , and when Mr. Keteyian ca n't nail down something , like who really owned a car driven by Husker tailback Doug Dubose , he simply reprints his notes . 
`` We were n't sure that full disclosure , as we wanted it , was being made . '' 
Before his assassination in 1988 , President Zia of Pakistan repeatedly stated that fresh Soviet troops were being inserted into Afghanistan even as others were ostentatiously withdrawn . 
Allianz also holds a 50 % stake in Navigation Mixte 's insurance subsidiary , one of France 's largest insurance groups , which it bought for about 6.5 billion francs just before Paribas launched its bid . 
James E. Ousley , computer products group president , said such arrangements could help slash Control Data 's computer research and development costs in half by the end of 1990 . 
`` This is an outstanding example of how the East and the West can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , '' said Soviet Ambassador Yuri Dubinin , who hosted a signing ceremony for the venture 's partners at the Soviet embassy here . 
D.T. also has a prodigious and flawless memory , is utterly fearless , and could n't be distracted by the sexy nude sculptures spread around the playing hall , in the New York Academy of Art . 
Exports reached $ 5.12 billion , up from $ 4.52 billion a year earlier , while imports rose to $ 6.81 billion from $ 5.33 billion . 
Last year , venture capitalists spent an estimated $ 600 million to finance start-up companies in medical and biotechnology businesses , according to the National Venture Capital Association , a trade group . 
The group did n't make a formal offer , but instead told UAL 's advisers before the most-recent board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share . 
Sock it away in long-term instruments ? 
Tiger itself was founded by a band of gungho airmen who had airlifted supplies `` over the Hump '' from India to China during World War II . 
-- `` Arms Control Reality , '' Nov. 20 , 1984 , the first of some 20 Journal editorials saying that Krasnoyarsk violated the ABM treaty . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 39.55 points , to 2613.73 , in active trading . 
There are those who say that this is nothing new , that America has always suffered from a bad case of schizophrenia when it comes to the dichotomy between what is professed and what is practiced . 
They were frustrated by the longer queues at the cashier and the small coins given as change . 
Under the proposed agreement involving the world 's tallest building , Chicago-based Sears would receive about half the money through conventional mortgage financing and the other half as a convertible mortgage . 
Robert Borden Santa Monica , Calif . 
A sentencing date has n't been set . 
In other European markets , share prices closed sharply higher in Frankfurt and Zurich and posted moderate rises in Stockholm , Amsterdam and Milan . 
Judge Keenan also directed the prosecutors to show that Mrs. Marcos 's Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination wo n't be violated . 
For a cloture vote to stop the filibuster , Republicans must muster at least 60 votes . 
It is interested in making some money advising industry on how to convert to a world without CFCs . 
The drugstore chain reacted cautiously , saying the plan would further swell its huge debt , which forced the company into Chapter 11 protection last year . 
It all adds up to a cold winter here . 
Oddly enough , this presents a problem for the stock . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Most of the growth , he said , will come in the $ 35,000-to-$50,000 price range , where Mercedes has a 35 % U.S. market share . 
The difference of just 1.35 points on the scale , designed by Charles Richter of CalTech in the 1930s , means the older quake was `` 10 to 20 times stronger , '' says Lane Johnson , director of the University of California Berkeley Seismographic Station . 
Systemwide , IATA airlines carried 632 million passengers last year , 2 % more than in 1987 . 
Still , the split is there . 
Golden Nugget , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's first casino client , has borrowed on more than $ 600 million worth of mortgage notes , mostly sold to private investors by Drexel , to build the Mirage . 
It is unclear what caused the creditors to do an about-face on exploring alternatives to Eastern 's new reorganization plan . 
LTV filed for protection under Chapter 11 in federal bankruptcy court in 1986 . 
Over time , the odds increasingly favor the investor with a diversified portfolio . 
His recent speech , provocatively titled `` Blacks ? Animals ? Homosexuals ? What is a Minority ? '' caused an uproar when its title leaked out . 
First Boston , whose holding company , CS First Boston Group , is one of the larger issuers of bridge loans on Wall Street , said it is also concerned that once the SEC has the power to monitor holding companies , it will try to regulate their activities . 
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . '' 
While major oil companies have been experimenting with cleaner-burning gasoline blends for years , only Atlantic Richfield Co. is now marketing a lower-emission gasoline for older cars currently running on leaded fuel . 
Also closed yesterday were the company 's Santa Teresa software-development lab and the Almaden research center . 
Volume continued to ease from the active dealings at the start of the week . 
`` Adverse pressure on gross margins ... has subsided , '' Mr. Sculley said . 
For example , 12 % of this year 's respondents said they expect a recession within 12 months . 
Over the past three years , thousands of people here have made use of looser travel restrictions to get their first taste of life abroad . 
Mr. Stevens 's remarks , confirming a report in The Wall Street Journal that British Air wants to start from scratch in any new bid for the nation 's second-largest airline , helped push UAL stock lower for the fourth straight day . 
In the coming months , however , this is likely to change . 
Load factor , or percentage of seats filled , climbed to 67.1 % from 66.6 % , even though the number of flights rose 6.9 % to 215,845 in the first-three quarters . 
He says `` blaming futures is like blaming the messenger . '' 
The carpets wo n't be glued down , and walls will be coated with nontoxic finishes . 
In addition , the company cited cost-reduction moves and interest income . 
Mr. Bixby said that early signs point to improved earnings and revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 1990 . 
So far neither the Bush administration nor Congress is prepared to lead the way toward revamping health care . 
That 's because the male part , the tassel , and the female , the ear , are some distance apart on the corn plant . 
It can send a fighter squadron to strafe terrorist hideouts in the Bekaa Valley , but ca n't shoot Abu Nidal . 
A Ministry of International Trade and Industry official said that a study found that Japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % if carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons . 
None sustained `` significant '' damage , a spokesman said , adding that `` the delicate manufacturing process machines were checked and were all found to be operating normally . '' 
This includes what Deputy Foreign Minister Yuli Vorontsov fetchingly called `` new peaceful long-range weapons , '' including more than 800 SCUD missiles . 
He noted that currently the ratio of available copper to consumption is about 3.5 weeks . 
Money Market Deposits - a 6.23 % 
The opening credits are being redone , Mr. Nelson said , `` to make Teddy 's situation clear to viewers who have not been with us since the beginning . 
But in general , all foreign-trading companies are feeling the pinch . 
Metals stocks also were especially weak , as concerns about the earnings outlook for cyclical companies weighed on the group . 
In good times , he says , they lag a bit , but overall they provide superior performance . 
Italy 's unemployment rate rose to 12 % of the labor force in July from 11.9 % in April , and was up from 11.7 % a year earlier , according to quarterly figures from the state statistical institute . 
The judge handling the case in state Supreme Court , a trial court , had tossed out the jury verdicts , ruling that the matter should have been handled under federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules . 
It will have 61 plants from coast to coast and $ 1.5 billion in annual sales . 
Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister met in Damascus with President Assad to develop a plan for the withdrawal of Syria 's 40,000 troops from Lebanon as part of a settlement of that nation 's 14-year-old civil war . 
RICHMOND RESIGNATIONS : 
Baker 's remarks came as the White House urged both sides to honor the truce . 
Noriega was an expert at bribing and blackmailing people . '' 
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. 's Market Data Retrieval unit said it acquired School and College Construction Reports service from Intelligence for Education Inc . 
In its new ad campaign , created by D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles Inc. , Chicago , the ski industry is trying to change its image as a sport primarily for young white people . 
Apparel prices rocketed up 1.7 % , but that was after three months of declines . 
But what happens next in the continuing takeover drama may depend more on the company 's two most powerful and fractious unions : the pilots and machinists . 
From a reading of the somewhat scant English-language medical literature on RU-486 , the French abortion pill emerges as one of the creepiest concoctions around . 
But Chairman Gonzalez is a genuine maverick . 
Food prices rose 0.2 % for the second month in a row , far slower than the monthly rises earlier in the year . 
Officials at Gulf Power could n't be reached for comment . 
It plans to sell 1,700 units in 1989 . 
SMALL TALK : 
It 's like `` fire insurance , '' says Harrison Roth , the senior options strategist at Cowen & Co . 
Xerox Corp. 's third-quarter net income grew 6.2 % on 7.3 % higher revenue , earning mixed reviews from Wall Street analysts . 
One floor trader said that if there were Chinese purchases , they should have had a bigger effect on the market . 
David Owen , an economist at Kleinwort Benson & Co. in London , said he expects further cuts in short-term U.S. rates in an effort to encourage a narrowing of the trade gap and to ensure a soft landing in the U.S. economy . 
Mr. Wachtel points to Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. as examples : They 're selling for 18 to 22 times estimated 1990 per-share earnings . 
It is Mr. Paul 's art venture , however , that has drawn the most attention from investors and regulators , not to mention galleries throughout the world . 
Whether they are or are not underpaid is a problem of equity ; it is not an educational problem . 
Thus , Mr. Sinyard 's company must innovate more than ever to stay ahead of them , by developing new products specifically for mountain biking . 
In France , Suez and Axa-Midi Assurances S.A. both have been on the prowl for giant acquisitions ; Suez last month acquired control of Groupe Victoire , the sixth-largest European insurance company , after a takeover battle with Cie . Industrielle . 
Readers were electrified by the paper 's audacity and appalled by the dark side of life it uncovered . 
The Nasdaq Composite has gained 23 % this year , but that 's largely due to the 100 largest nonfinancial stocks , which have soared 30 % . 
There was no reversal { of that trend } between 1987 and 1988 . '' 
In the late 1960s she designed a lightweight stretch bra that boosted sales . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , initial offering of three million shares of its common stock , of which 1,657,736 shares will be sold by the company and 1,342,264 will be sold by holders , via Montgomery Securities and Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
Traders said major securities firms are reluctant to become market makers because they fear the baskets may attract only limited trading . 
But small-business lobbyists say they support the idea , included in the Kennedy-Waxman bill , of new laws or regulations requiring greater use of community rating , which pegs rates to the use of health care by a community or other large group , and is designed to prevent insurance companies from taking only low-risk small companies as clients . 
`` Bugs like this are just a normal part of product development , '' said Richard Archuleta , director of Hewlett-Packard Co. 's advanced systems development . 
Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater and shipped it from London . 
If Mr. Dozen has a weakness , it may be his golf game . 
Stocks\/Mutual Funds : Stocks and mutual funds other than money-market funds . 
How soon Wang will stage a comeback , or if it will at all , are still matters of debate . 
Sears is also stepping up its television ads and changing its message . 
Shareholders have been steadily bailing out of several big junk funds the past several weeks as the $ 200 billion market was jolted by a cash crunch at Campeau Corp. and steadily declining prices . 
The buildup is `` making Japan clearly more efficient , more technologically advanced and more competitive , '' declares a Western diplomat in Tokyo . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
The two big banks were instrumental in designing the new contract . 
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much-larger Mesa . 
Red ink already has begun to flow in the wake of the U.S.-U.K. market breaks of Oct. 13 and Oct. 16 . 
In each case , the exchange is valued at $ 56.25 a share . 
The shares will be priced in early November , she said . 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company closed yesterday at $ 23.25 a share , down 25 cents . 
It was n't clear how the ownership would stack up under the new plan , but employees would keep more than 50 % . 
Some jumbos posted fractional changes in average yields this week , both up and down . 
GM might counterbid . 
There are 3.5 million shares of Applied Solar , of which American Cyanamid owns 2.7 million . 
The $ 833.6 million figures includes the new acquisitions . 
But Mr. Greenspan remains reluctant to loosen policy , partly because he faces a phalanx of presidents of regional Fed banks who oppose credit easing . 
`` He 's sharp as a tack . 
But it now offers more two-button versions and suits with a tapered fit . 
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid-October 's 190-point market plunge . 
Last month , American Home Products said it was suspending production and distribution of all 21 of Quantum 's generic drug products pending the completion of an exhaustive internal audit . 
According to my calculations , these outlays should have brought the value of my sedan to more than $ 22,000 on the open market ( Figure 6 ) , where I plan to offer it shortly . 
If it is n't , the black market for dollars probably will continue to thrive . 
Some people call it `` The Mistake on the Lake '' -- Lake Erie , that is . 
While the U.S. share of the increase probably will not reach the $ 12 billion or more implicit in the IMF 's request for a doubling of its $ 90 billion capital , the administration probably will agree to a multibillion-dollar increase . 
The institute did n't estimate annual price growth in September , but a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.8 or 178.9 , up 3.3 % or 3.4 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 . 
An excellent environmental actor he is . 
Bernard Leser , president of Conde Nast , added : `` Our research shows we sell more of our heavier issues ... because readers believe they are getting more for what they pay for . 
Ciba-Geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in Basel , Switzerland . 
Two months ago the company set up a toll-free number , based outside California , to handle queries from employees about when they should report back to work after an earthquake or other disaster . 
Mr. Good devotes much serious space to the events of Feb. 25 , 1942 , when American gunners spotted strange lights in the sky above Los Angeles . 
Meanwhile , competition from rivals unencumbered by history is intensifying . 
Well , the arrogant East Coast media have spoken again ( `` Going for the Green , '' editorial , Oct. 17 ) . 
So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization or takeover , and must do so using some guesswork about the likelihood of such an event . 
Simpson is an auto parts maker . 
These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy , but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections . 
Government officials were expected to combine Waertsilae Marine with two other struggling firms , and thus ensure Finland 's survival as a shipbuilding nation . 
So far Galileo has been delayed twice , once because of a computer malfunction connected with a space-shuttle engine , and yesterday because of the weather . 
He predicted the debt will be reduced by another A$ 3.8 billion this fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , but did n't explain how this will be achieved . 
At Ameritech , based in Chicago , customer access lines increased by 402,000 , or 2.6 % , and cellular mobile lines increased by 80,000 , or 62.3 % , for the 12-month period ended Sept. 30 . 
The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years . 
Montedison now owns about 72 % of Erbamont 's shares outstanding . 
After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival . 
Nixon , Hargrave , Devans & Doyle , based in Rochester , N.Y. , has opened an office in Buffalo , N.Y ... . 
No notification was ever considered , officials said , apparently because the U.S. did n't think the coup plotters intended to kill Mr. Noriega , but merely sought to imprison him . 
After August the Fed may have stopped sterilizing , but it 's hard to see much impact on the dollar . 
The understatement of growth is due largely to the conservative expedients adopted to deal with deficiencies in basic economic data . 
Oil ministers now hope to solve the issue for good through an Iranian proposal that gives a larger share of output to countries with surplus capacity and reduces the shares of those that ca n't produce more anyway . 
Nissan 's decades-old corporate song filled with references to Mount Fuji has been scrapped in favor of a snappy tune sung by a popular Japanese vocalist . 
Dime Savings Bank of New York was cleared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to acquire Starpointe Savings Bank of Somerset , N.J. , the banks said . 
Under those measures , financial institutions would be restricted from owning any more real estate than they need for their business operations . 
The refund is about $ 9 million . 
But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid . 
The provincially owned utility said it is tearing up the deal because `` the contract 's objectives ca n't be fulfilled . '' 
The European Community Commission increased its forecast for economic growth in the EC in 1989 to 3.5 % , slightly higher than its June projection of 3.25 % . 
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships . 
`` The ramifications are enormous , '' says Rep. Don Edwards , a California Democrat who is a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 27 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1993 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Nov. 1 . 
`` It 's hard for the Japanese , '' he says , `` to get a feeling in a car , to get a passion in a car , to get emotion in a car . 
Two seats on the Big Board were sold yesterday for $ 455,000 , and then $ 500,000 . 
Before July , pro-choice voters could safely make political decisions without focusing narrowly on abortion . 
Orkem and Coates said last Wednesday that the two were considering a merger , through Orkem 's British subsidiary , Orkem Coatings U.K. Ltd . 
Others , just released from the majors , hope the senior league will be their bridge back into the big-time . 
In an age of specialization , the federal judiciary is one of the last bastions of the generalist . 
( The pro-choice lobby does n't . 
Even staunch anti-bike Sierra members concede that 10 % of all riders cause most of the problems . 
After only 17 months , its main contract , based on the Hang Seng index , had grown to be the second-largest stock-index-futures contract in the world . 
Options traders who , in return for a small fee , or premium , had previously sold put options on stocks or stock indexes were forced on Friday to buy those contracts back at the previously agreed prices , which were substantially above those in the market as it was falling . 
For years , he quietly stuck to the back accounting rooms , wearing a hat to work because everyone else did . 
This past summer , Quotron sold its customer-service unit , employing 600 , to Phoenix Technologies Inc. , a closely held computer-service firm in Valley Forge , Pa . 
The consortium of scientists and companies was set up by Italy to help preserve the fabled city of canals . 
And it did n't have the crowded wild intimacy of Yankee Stadium . 
There are seemingly endless twists to universal life , and it pays to ask questions about all of them . 
The slowdown raises questions about the economy 's strength because spending fueled much of the third-quarter GNP growth . 
Spokesmen for Emerson and Vermont American , which has agreed to be acquired , said they do n't anticipate `` any problems '' with the completion of the transaction . 
Its partner in the joint venture is Sin Kean Boon Metal Industries , Penang , Malaysia . 
The two banks appear to be a good fit . 
The oil magnate , who spent his later years passing out dimes to counter his penny-pinching image , `` is n't terribly amusing , '' says Barry Olson , creative director at Innis-Maggiore-Olson , Canton , Ohio , which is producing the ads . 
The Department of Housing and Urban Development prepared to make as many as 100 vacant houses available for those left homeless , the Agriculture Department was set to divert food from the school-lunch program to earthquake victims , and the Pentagon was providing everything from radio communications to blood transfusions to military police for directing traffic . 
More than 700 people work in the GTE building . 
`` It should read , `` Have You Anything Left ? '' 
`` Coal prices , while not skyrocketing , will grow modestly in real terms , we think . 
`` We do n't need the cash . '' 
Evelyn Boccone , 85 years old , has lived in the district most of her life . 
As members of the Black Caucus in Congress asked during the debate on the legislation that freed Dr. Morgan , does anyone seriously believe that if she were an uneducated , black , working-class woman , Congress would have rushed to pass a private relief bill freeing her ? 
The funds will be used for refinancing existing debt of the Washington , D.C. , concern at lower interest rates and for other general purposes . 
After Mr. Ackerman announced he was soliciting consents from shareholders in order to wrest control of Datapoint from Mr. Edelman , the corporate raider purchased 30 % of Datapoint 's shares . 
The number had a troubling effect on Wall Street , suggesting that more fundamental economic problems may underlie last Friday 's stock market slide . 
Sales nationally rose 3.9 % through July , the latest month for which the figures are available , the council said . 
And Mario Gabelli , another star in the investing world , says , `` My gut says the negatives of futures and synthetics far outweigh the benefits . '' 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 9\/16 % one year . 
Moreover , ticket splitting appears to take the same peculiar pattern at the state government level as it does at the federal level . 
Greg Confair , president of Sigma Financial Inc. in Allentown , Pa. , also recommends that investors go heavily for cash . 
But Ford , Jaguar 's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4 % this week , is pressing harder for talks with Sir John . 
The main obstacle is finding a way to pay for them . 
`` It 's very difficult to model the long-term impact of this , '' says Andrew Goldberg , who studies the public-policy and crisis-management aspects of earthquakes at the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington , D.C . 
It would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily . 
The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , threatening to drive the smallest ones out of business and straining relations between the national fast-food chains and their franchisees . 
They eat `` sinful and sensual things '' -- and explain their clips . 
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at a fixed 107 to yield 3.43 % . 
On Oct. 22 , led by Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest exporter , they embargoed oil shipments to the U.S. and to the Netherlands , Israel 's staunchest European ally . 
Its government still wants to sit in the driver 's seat , set the speed , step on the gas , apply the brakes and steer , with 120 million people in the back seat . 
Orders for military goods usually catapult in September , government officials say , as the Pentagon scrambles to spend its money before the new fiscal year begins Oct. 1 . 
Inland a few miles from the refuge there is a place called Tivoli , with a white church , a gas station and a grocery , the houses relatively close together for such a settlement in these parts . 
Burlington 's operating profit grew to $ 9.2 million from $ 3.8 million a year earlier , Pittston said . 
Since 1984 , the president has filled four vacancies in the Federal Circuit court with non-patent lawyers . 
Eight months after Gen. Boris Gromov walked across the bridge into the U.S.S.R. , a Soviet-controlled regime remains in Kabul , the refugees sit in their camps , and the restoration of Afghan freedom seems as far off as ever . 
Week by week on `` Mancuso FBI '' ( NBC , Fridays , 10 p.m . ET ) , he pokes around the crime styles of the rich , famous and powerful of the Washington scene -- a loose cannon on deck at the FBI . 
Typical , perhaps , was the situation at New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. , the General Motors Corp.-Toyota joint-venture auto plant in Fremont , about 35 miles south of Oakland . 
However , unlike Messrs. Graedel and Crutzen , who are both pioneers in the study of atmospheric chemistry , Mr. Teagan has no special expertise in the area . 
Some of Japan 's goods being produced as a result of the investment boom are already successful overseas . 
`` It s almost product de jour , '' grouses one account executive at Dean Witter . 
Dow Chemical Co. said its Destec Energy Inc. unit has agreed to buy PSE Inc. , a Houston energy company , in a deal valued at about $ 115 million . 
Ohbayashi officials said the purchase was undertaken to participate in ventures in and around New York City . 
`` When I made this investment , I made it on a lifetime basis , '' he explains . 
The reason is simple : Education takes place in the classroom , where the influence of money is minimal . 
Car prices , another area that contributed to the steep rise in the wholesale index last month , still showed declines at the consumer level . 
He was co-chairman of Mr. Bush 's Arizona campaign committee in last year 's election , and also worked for Mr. Bush in the 1980 election . 
Commercial and industrial construction rose sharply , partly because of three large projects , each expected to cost more than $ 100 million . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest . 
The airline industry 's fortunes , in dazzling shape for most of the year , have taken a sudden turn for the worse in the past few weeks . 
Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul . 
The family 's long absence is understandable . 
Up in his stadium box , their new and controversial owner , Jerral `` Jerry '' Jones , watches anxiously as the team bounds up to the scrimmage line . 
`` Yield greed often gets in the way of understanding things , '' says John Markese , research director of the American Association of Individual Investors , a Chicago-based educational group . 
The American Institute for Imported Steel said imports for the first eight months of 1989 were below the level allowed by the Voluntary Restraint Agreement program . 
`` When there 's a clutter of brands , consumers simplify the complexity by telling themselves , ` All brands are the same so what difference does it make which I buy , ' '' says Karen Olshan , a senior vice president at BBDO . 
Broader market averages were little changed in the latest session . 
But the stock market swings have continued . 
The Swedish Academy in Stockholm cited the 73-year-old Cela for `` rich and intensive prose . '' 
( A Fortune article on Saul Steinberg was entitled , `` Fear and Loathing in the Corporate Boardrooms . '' ) 
The shipyard disclosed in mid-August that it expected losses stemming from a series of unprofitable orders . 
Industrial neighborhoods fare even worse , with burglary rates twice the citywide average . 
The number of outstanding contracts in the October Major Market Index jumped from 5,273 on Friday to 9,023 on Monday . 
Investors expect SunGard Data Systems , a company that provides disaster recovery services for computer-dependent businesses , to profit from the earthquake . 
Attorneys for more than 18,000 women who claim injuries from the Dalkon Shield contraceptive device have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to refuse to hear an appeal of the bankruptcy-law reorganization plan for A.H. Robins Co. , which manufactured the device . 
Instead , they are working to transform Banco Exterior into an efficient bank by the end of 1992 . 
The total borrowing will be about $ 208 million , the company said . 
The consultants maintained Eastern would n't generate the cash it needs and would have to issue new debt to meet its targets under the plan . 
The stock has a 3.5 % dividend yield and goes ex-dividend today . 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 240-a-share offer for UAL in August triggered a bidding war , says he remains interested in the airline . 
Each gram of cocaine consumed is a deadly bullet against those in our country and in the rest of the world who fight this terrible scourge . 
Industry sources estimate the agency brokers property and casualty premiums worth about $ 25 million annually , and has revenue , based on a standard 10 % commission rate , of about $ 2.5 million . 
`` It 's a wait-and-see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp . 
At Pacific Telesis Group , flextime is left up to individual working groups , because some of the telephone company 's employees must be on-site during normal business hours , a spokeswoman says . 
The secondary , or resale , market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for Treasury issues . 
They renamed it Swiss Cantobank and are using it to expand abroad . 
Field offices at New Orleans ; Houston ; Denver ; Midland , Tex. ; Bakersfield , Calif. ; Oklahoma City ; and Liberal , Kan. , will be maintained . 
He added that the company expects `` strong '' operating profit for the year , `` but at a level significantly lower than last year . '' 
Thus there is even more to the Vermont-Slauson Center than a good place to shop . 
Polls are no substitute for principle , but they 'll do for some politicians . 
For the nine months , Jefferies said net fell 39 % , to $ 6.8 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 11.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share . 
Nor should the U.S. worry much about offending China , which still aids the Khmer Rouge . 
`` The last six months has established the quality of the collection . 
LIMITED RISK FUNDS : 
Most of Kidder 's program trading is for its own account , according to the New York Stock Exchange . 
At the movies today In detail you see What the prof would n't show In Physiology Three . 
American Express 's profit climbed 21 % in the quarter , aided by a surge in its travel business and despite a big rise in Third World loan reserves . 
`` In the past , people who had to run for office had to moderate their views because they could n't afford to offend blacks or whites , '' he said . 
But there are no scientific data on this question . 
`` Now , we 're going to sell to men . '' 
State laws previously used as a yardstick minimum percentages of income -- usually half -- that had to be spent on the program rather than overhead , but these have been overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court . 
Mr. Mastro will do civil litigation and white-collar defense work for Gibson Dunn , which is based in Los Angeles . 
Allianz also suggested , without saying so directly , that it regrets that Paribas is n't bidding for all of Navigation Mixte 's shares . 
Mr. Zafris thinks rates are heading down , helping small companies . 
`` It will be very expensive , '' the spokesman warned . 
Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish , idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna . 
Company , with 1,750 workers in area , is fully functional . 
Meanwhile , House-Senate negotiators have tentatively agreed on a $ 3.18 billion anti-drug and anti-crime intitiative , cutting other federal spending 0.43 % to pay for it . 
Says Mr. Steidtmann : `` I 'm looking for a bi-polar Christmas . '' 
A closing date has n't been set . 
But an all-out bidding war between the world 's top auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker seems unlikely . 
A new product , NewsEdge , carries five business news wires simultaneously into a user 's computer and beeps and flashes whenever an article appears that is of interest to the user . 
Then we began to file out , to wait safely on terra firma for the opening pitch . 
I believe any physician who truly cares about cancer patients , both today and tomorrow , should offer the hope of something better than that . 
Over the weekend , McCaw continued to call for an auction of LIN . 
This is the fifth year Citizens for Tax Justice has released a study on corporate tax bills . 
The bill vetoed by the president in June , which the House failed to override , would have lifted the minimum wage to $ 4.55 an hour by late 1991 , with a training wage for up to two months , generally for a worker 's first job . 
Other funds have been designed to concentrate on stocks in a geographic area in order to encourage local investment . 
Mr. Kasparov remarked later that `` even a weak club player '' would have avoided the queen move . 
The Series 1989 B bonds are uninsured and rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Soaring rights fees will lead to an even greater clutter of commercials . 
-- Daisy Brown . 
The transaction is expected to close around year end . 
Corporations need liquidity , in the form of borrowed funds . 
In California , Bank of America dropped the yield on both six-month and one-year `` savings '' CDs to 8.33 % from 8.61 % . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
International Signal & Control , Lancaster , Pa. , a defense-equipment manufacturer , was bought by Ferranti in 1987 for # 420 million ( $ 670.3 million ) . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , shares of the Akron , Ohio-based company fell $ 1.375 to $ 49.125 . 
The Arabs had tried embargos before . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , GTE rose $ 1.25 to $ 64.125 . 
In June , the Supreme Court threw out the conviction of a Texas man who set a flag afire during a 1984 demonstration , saying he was `` engaging in political expression '' that is protected by the First Amendment . 
Senate GOP leader Dole ridicules the budget chief on the Senate floor . 
Earlier this year , Penney abandoned another home shopping venture , Telaction Corp. , after investing $ 106 million in it . 
`` I think the people will be judging the regime by a petty policeman , by a corrupt revenue collector . 
To wrestle with a demon in a house owned by a Litchfield , Conn. , woman , the Warrens recently called in an exorcist , the Rev. Robert McKenna , a dissident clergyman who hews to the Catholic Church 's old Latin liturgy . 
The centerpiece of the promotion is its new ad campaign , into which the magazine will pour about $ 500,000 , mostly in the next few weeks . 
With economic growth slowing , they say they believe the Fed should ease credit even further . 
Potential bondholders will either look for greater equity participation on behalf of management , or insist the equity component of the deals be substantially greater than in the past . 
He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would `` distort '' the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit . 
Shortly after buying 66 % of the team from H.R. `` Bum '' Bright for $ 145 million , and mindful of the Cowboys ' ragged bottom line , the 47-year-old Mr. Jones set about his own round of team cuts . 
The Big Board argues that its new product will help rather than hurt the situation by possibly drawing business from more-volatile forms of program trading . 
The Massachusetts deal had an unsold balance of $ 84.3 million in late trading , the underwriter said . 
`` We used to show some hot-dog skier in his twenties or thirties going over the edge of a cliff , '' says Kathe Dillmann , a spokeswoman for the United Ski Industries Association , the trade group sponsoring the campaign . 
Yesterday , in documents filed in connection with that case , Warner accused Sony officials of falsely claiming that they never read the five-year contract requiring the two producers to make movies exclusively for Columbia , citing Securities and Exchange Commission filings made by Sony that described the contracts . 
The hard drive , which is the storage device of choice for virtually every desktop computer user , also now will supplement Next 's futuristic optical device if buyers pay full price . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration is increased to $ 124,875 during fiscal 1990 . 
International soft-drink volume was up about 6 % . 
Those columns -- vivid discussions of the cultural and literary reverberations of food as well as practical advice on how to glamorize dreary Sovietized meals -- became the basis for her erudite and entertaining cookbook , `` The Art of Russian Cuisine , '' brought out in 1983 by Macmillan Publishing Co . 
Its $ 309 million , or $ 1.32 a share , gain from the sale of 75 million Mitsubishi shares made net $ 331 million , or $ 1.42 a share . 
`` I 'm not sure they 're going to make it work , '' says Mr. Anderson . 
Profits of franchisees have n't been higher since the mid-1970s , he adds . 
That arrangement apparently has worked well , and Thomas A. Bologna , president and chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means `` we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing . '' 
In comparison , the sorts of sights offered in such places as Africa and America , though undoubtedly very exciting , would , I am sure , strike the objective viewer as inferior on account of their unseemly demonstrativeness . '' 
A series of explosions tore through the huge Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near here , injuring more than a hundred and closing parts of the Houston Ship Channel . 
Keepers of the books , dubbed `` figure filberts , '' loathed the threat . 
Instead of realizing his mistake in letting the exchange rate dominate both British economic policy and Mrs. Thatcher 's political fortune , Mr. Lawson pushed for tying the pound formally to the mark by entering the European Monetary System , which subordinates all member currencies to German monetary policy . 
`` The Giants got swamped in the second game , 100 , and trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game . 
The weaknesses in his plan do not lie in the political calculations -- Mr. Gorbachev is a consummate political leader , perhaps one of the greatest -- but in its economic prescription . 
Mr. Deng added , says Mr. Lee , that `` we really made mistakes . 
`` If you have a position , you 're better off to stick with it than to move around very much , '' says Republican strategist John Sears . 
The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . 
`` General Foods 's relationships with its agencies are based on the agencies ' work , and will continue to be , '' said David Hurwitt , a vice president of Kraft General Foods . 
But by the third quarter of 1988 , Scorpios had a high satisfaction rating in internal Ford studies , a spokesman said . 
`` But I do n't want any of that oil for my grandkids . '' 
Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer , a researcher in Great Britain , are close to finding another gene involved with some types of colon cancer , thought to be on chromosome 5 . 
Another major electronics problem faces Mr. Thompson -- the creation of a 24-hour trading system that can be used outside normal trading hours . 
The electronics-instruments maker is to be acquired by Asset Management Associates for $ 7.25 a share . 
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare . 
Pioneer Electronic and Sony , both of which dominated buying earlier this month , continued to fall Wednesday . 
I think they need creative leadership , and I do n't think they have it , '' said Emma Hill , an analyst with Wertheim & Co . 
`` There 's still room for boutique properties , '' says James Barrett , president of MarCor Resorts Inc . 
The machinists union has suggested it may propose a recapitalization that includes a special dividend for holders and a minority ownership stake for employees . 
The shocks generated nerve impulses that traveled via spine to brain and showed up clearly on a brain-wave monitor , indicating no damage to the delicate spinal tissue . 
There are about $ 25.6 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2009 , priced to yield 7.25 % , and about $ 66.8 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2019 , priced at 99 to yield 7.282 % . 
And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy . 
Credit market analysts expected the Treasury to cancel today 's three-month and six-month sale and to sell $ 17 billion of cash management bills . 
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn . 
A cell filled with heavy water is producing 1.0 to 1.5 watts more heat than an identical electrolytic cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported Turgut M. Gur , an associate of materials scientist Robert A. Huggins , head of the Stanford experimental team . 
`` This has been a 15-pound earthquake for me , '' said resident Joan O'Shea , who works in an acupuncturist 's office . 
Operating revenue rose 69 % to A$ 8.48 billion from A$ 5.01 billion . 
His father , David S. Leavitt , was chairman and chief executive until his death in an accident five years ago , at which time Mr. Penn was named president . 
While last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate , the Census Bureau said the 1988 drop was n't statistically significant . 
But sometimes more energetic attacks are required . 
By making a break from tradition , Brooks Brothers is seeking a delicate balance . 
At first UAL did n't open because of an order imbalance . 
`` It was the plunge that did n't happen , '' he says . 
Besides term life and whole life ( the old standbys ) , we now have universal life , universal variable life , flexible adjustable universal life , policies with persistency bonuses , policies festooned with exotic riders , living benefit policies , and on and on . 
`` If you build a better mousetrap , it will catch more mice , '' says Fred Benninger , chairman of MGM Grand . 
The company , based in Toledo , Ohio , had said it expected reduced third-quarter profit . 
It 's also unnecessary . 
Otherwise , Jaguar may have to tolerate the two U.S. auto giants each owning a 15 % stake for more than a year . 
But Mr. Roman flatly denied the speculation , saying Mr. Sorrell had tried several times to persuade him to stay , offering various incentives and in one instance sending a note with a case of wine ( The wine , naturally , was Seagram 's brand , an Ogilvy client ) . 
Galveston-Houston Co. said it will redeem all 3,950 shares of its privately held 6.5 % convertible Series C preferred stock Nov. 8 . 
Some issues were affected by Tuesday 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area . 
Mr. Morishita says he intends to expand his business to many other areas at home and abroad . 
Each hour of Olympics and baseball in prime time will cost CBS $ 2.6 million to $ 2.8 million ; an hour-long drama costs only $ 900,000 , and it is aired twice . 
`` It 's easier to get worse than better in this game . '' 
But a flurry of late trading yesterday beefed up prices . 
They expect to have a preliminary estimate of the damages in a day or two . 
Independent providers of financial information , including Quotron , have been under some pressure as the major securities houses try to regain their hold on the production of market data and on the related revenue . 
Mr. Kimmel was a director of the company and a predecessor firm since 1980 . 
Golar Gas Holding Co. , a subsidiary of Gotaas-Larsen Shipping Corp. , offering of $ 280 million first preferred ship mortgage notes , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
They only accounted for 5 % , at best , of the station 's total revenues . '' 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Prime Minister Gandhi tells the Indian Parliament , `` ... neither I nor any member of my family has received any consideration in these transactions . 
The U.S. and Canada , which do more trade than any other pair of nations , are to meet next month to arrange an acceleration of planned tariff cuts under the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement . 
`` I 'm convinced there 's a huge market for this machine , '' said Stephen Smith of PaineWebber Inc . 
Despite Mr. Blaine 's protests , the judge rescheduled her case for Nov. 27 . 
Many congressmen are citing the compromise on the `` Americans With Disabilities Act of 1989 '' as a model for bipartisan deliberations . 
`` We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . '' 
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council . 
In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20 % of the nation 's congressional districts choose a different party 's candidate for the White House than for the House of Representatives . 
The company cited softness in the retail health and beauty aids category , `` as well as the intense competition in the company 's sanitary protection product line . '' 
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year . 
Revenue climbed 25 % to $ 3.3 billion from $ 2.6 billion . 
Specter , the vice chairman of the Senate 's evidence panel , said there was `` insufficient evidence to convict '' the Miami jurist . 
But the higher mortgage ceiling is only the starter kit for what Senator Alan Cranston and Majority Leader George Mitchell have in mind for housing . 
One possible political solution , an EC official said , would be for the commission to present the action program in late November , before the adoption of the charter at a summit of EC governments on Dec. 8 and 9 . 
RADIO : 
In the second quarter , contracts called for increases of 3.9 % in the first year and 3.4 % over the life of the contracts . 
The revenue will be regained in the current period , he added . 
Other stocks were affected by corporate earnings . 
First Brands Corp. , proposed offering of 6,475,000 common shares , of which 1,475,000 common shares will be sold by the company and five million shares by holders , via First Boston Corp. and Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
The tax increase , which will be considered at a special session of the state legislature that begins tomorrow , would cover only part of the estimated $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in total damage caused by the Oct. 17 quake . 
Initial cost estimates for the plant , which was to have been built in phases , ranged from $ 1 billion to $ 1.2 billion . 
Three leading drug companies reported robust third-quarter earnings , bolstered by strong sales of newer , big-selling prescriptions drugs that provide hefty profit margins . 
In a 1961 incident , a Soviet mail plane disappeared off the radar screen just after radioing its position to ground control in Sverdlovsk . 
The Commerce Department also is trying to encourage HDTV because of the benefits that could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries . 
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind . 
What Mr. Traub is hoping to put together , investment bankers say , is a management-led group to buy the New York department-store group that he heads from Campeau 's Federated Department Stores subsidiary . 
Randolph W. McElroy , a vice chairman of this bank-holding company , was named to the additional position of chairman of its principal unit , Sovran Bank . 
Of Morgan Stanley 's 66.8 million shares in program trades for the month , 53.1 million were in stock-index arbitrage trades . 
This fatuous statement was not taken seriously when enacted in 1972 , and should not now be confused with the operative provisions of the statute . 
Nine-month net climbed 19 % to $ 174.8 million , or $ 2.21 a primary share , from $ 147.5 million , or $ 1.94 a share . 
As the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on Oct. 13 , Mr. Breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the SEC -- from his desk , where the New York Stock Exchange was on an open line , to his assistant 's office , where the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was connected , to a third room , where a computer monitored market moves . 
`` The junk bond market is being taken apart '' because of recession fears , said J. David Mills , senior vice president at Boston Company Advisers . 
And Oranjemund boasts attractions besides diamonds . 
The figures , due for release Friday , are expected to show an uptick in inflation to 4.8 % from 4.7 % in August . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Thursday , Nov. 2 , 9-10 p.m. EST , on A&E ( repeated at 1 a.m. and on Nov. 5 ) : `` Third and Oak : The Pool Hall . '' 
`` You ca n't say it 's a `` tsunami '' ( tidal wave ) , but we 're making some headway , '' says Fannie Mae 's chairman , David O. Maxwell , who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities . 
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire . 
The notice also grants relief for certain estate-tax returns . 
House leaders had hoped to follow the Senate 's lead by getting an agreement from House committee chairmen under which they would drop items that would n't reduce the fiscal 1990 budget deficit from the House-passed bill before the negotiations with the Senate began . 
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms . 
Citing its reduced ownership in the Lyondell Petrochemical Co. , Atlantic Richfield reported that net income slid 3.1 % in the third quarter to $ 379 million , or $ 2.19 a share , from $ 391 million , or $ 2.17 a share , for the comparable period last year . 
Merchant banks were stronger across the board . 
Debt-free and profitable , the Boulder , Colo. , computer-products concern could borrow funds if it decides against an IPO now , he says . 
But the nature of the problem is such that many others feel it has to be addressed soon , before all the evidence is in . 
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights . 
Knight-Ridder Inc. said third-quarter earnings jumped 18 % , partly because of the sale of two of its media properties . 
He also vowed to `` make every effort to nurture ... a constructive new relationship that has been forged with participating employee groups . '' 
Overhead costs at some of the largest charities , in millions of dollars 
But partner Richard Nye said , `` This is the most extraordinary failed transaction I 've seen in 25 years in this business . 
These stem from a two-year federal investigation of insider trading and securities fraud on Wall Street . 
Leverage is used only by some of the closed-end funds . 
`` The SEC has historically paid obeisance to the ideal of a level playing field , '' wrote Clyde S. McGregor of Winnetka , Ill. , in one of the 92 letters the agency has received since the changes were proposed Aug. 17 . 
Insurance stocks were sold at the opening amid concerns about the level of damage claims the companies would receive as a result of the earthquake . 
Mr. Garcia says he has been notified of congressional hearings on the Picop bidding and possible legislation covering the paper mill 's sale , both prompted by the criticism of the agency . 
The other half of its portfolio is expected to remain invested in Treasury bills for the time being . 
But this year , when the hullabaloo surrounding its centennial died , so too did some advertiser interest . 
Nashua 's stock has fluctuated sharply on takeover speculation , rising to a high for the year of $ 42.875 a share in June from $ 29.75 in March . 
So producers Alyce and Topper Carew spun their Rolodexes and gathered names of black opinion makers to mount a direct-mail campaign . 
Assets of the 400 taxable funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report jumped to $ 351.2 billion in the week ended Tuesday , the Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter said . 
An early fund had filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission that included a fixed $ 1 price . 
For the first nine months , advertising pages in consumer magazines tracked by the Publishers Information Bureau increased 4 % from the same period last year , to 125,849 pages . 
`` It does n't replace pitching in the majors , but it proves to me that I would have been able to play if I 'd stayed healthy , '' he says . 
The Manhattan real-estate developer acted after the UAL buyers failed to obtain financing for their earlier $ 300-a-share bid , which sparked a selling panic among that snowballed into a 190-point drop Friday in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
Your coaches demand a lot more out of you even though some of them are not willing to take the time to watch you progress . 
People familiar with the company say the board is n't likely to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion buy-out bid that collapsed last week after banks would n't raise needed loans and after a key partner , British Airways PLC , dropped out . 
White , 24 years old , a singer in her church choir , she symbolizes a generation that gave its heart and its vote to Ronald Reagan . 
Start-up costs for the Washington Times alone were close to $ 50 million , and the total amount lost in this journalistic black hole was estimated at $ 150 million by 1984 . 
Sales rose nearly 2 % to $ 8.13 billion from $ 7.98 billion . 
The week 's other notable indicators include mid-October auto sales , September durable goods orders as well as September personal income , personal consumption and the saving rate . 
There are about $ 10 million of 7 % bonds priced at 99 1\/4 to yield 7.081 % in 2004 ; about $ 15 million of 7 % bonds priced at 98 1\/2 to yield 7.145 % in 2008 ; about $ 88.35 million of 7 % bonds priced at 97 1\/4 to yield 7.227 % in 2018 ; and about $ 15 million of 6 3\/4 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2019 . 
In addition , Ralph Ingersoll II , 43 , chairman and chief executive , said he would take on additional responsibilities as editor in chief of the company . 
David N. Hurwitz , president and chief operating officer of Goodson , said in a telephone interview that the company does n't currently have any plans to sell additional newspapers . 
In a telephone interview , Robert Thomson , TCI senior vice president , said Showtime 's suit against HBO `` does n't involve us , and nothing we 're doing here bears any relationship to that . '' 
A main motive is hard cash . 
`` Infiniti has it down to the ashtrays , '' says Jay Ferron , a partner at J.D. Power & Associates , an auto research firm . 
Pretax operating profit from telephone operations rose 8.2 % but profits from telecommunications products and electrical products were flat . 
Working students , she explains , want `` some satisfaction . '' 
In centering on the disruption of a few proud local customs such as the historic homes tour and the damage to the antiquities , your reporter served to only perpetuate an outdated and stereotypically provincial view of this otherwise thriving port city . 
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage-backed securities were up about 1\/8 point . 
Unocal said the venture would enable it to recover more of its refining and marketing investment and prepare for expected growth in exploration , production , chemicals and other areas . 
`` Banco Popular just kept waiting , '' said Edward Thompson , a vice president and analyst at Thomson BankWatch Inc. in New York . 
He estimated it could take a day for a computer security manager to expunge the virus from a computer system . 
The quotes could not be found on the tapes , and the two judges who decided the case for Ms. Malcolm and her publishers conceded that , for the purpose of their decision , `` we assume the quotations were deliberately altered . '' 
But such changes must be cleared by four internal committees and dozens of underwriters , brokers and administrators before being implemented . 
For the full fiscal year ending next March , Oji predicted that total sales of 477.00 billion yen , up from 420.68 billion yen in the previous fiscal year . 
The market for system-management software for Digital 's hardware is fragmented enough that a giant such as Computer Associates should do well there . 
`` There 's no more growth in the tax business { except } for increasing prices , '' the money manager added . 
By contrast , he 's won kudos for his espousal of William Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which he recently recorded for Angel\/EMI along with Leonard Bernstein 's engaging `` Serenade for Violin Solo , Strings and Percussion . '' 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
The Khmer Rouge , however , carry an unsurpassed record for Cambodian tyranny . 
Mr. Ortega 's threat to breach the cease-fire comes as U.S. officials were acknowledging that the Contras have at times violated it themselves . 
The consumer agency also disputed Newmark & Lewis 's continuing strategy of advertising `` new lower prices '' when allgedly there have n't been price reductions since June 1 . 
Quarter revenue rose 44 % to $ 160.1 million from $ 111.2 million a year ago . 
You never know where she 'll turn up . '' 
Messrs. Guber and Peters assiduously courted the man 's widow for months , showing her a tape of `` Gorillas in the Mist '' to impress her with the quality of their work . 
The gathering is expected to focus on curbing the fouling of rivers and lakes , limiting damage from industrial accidents and improving the handling of harmful chemicals . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
One fan , seated several rows in front of the open , upper-deck auxiliary press section where I was stationed , faced the assembled newsies and laughingly shouted , `` We arranged that just for you guys ! '' 
Last week , Bonn agreed to reschedule 2.5 billion marks in Polish debt that came due last year . 
One longtime champion of these programs in Congress , Republican whip Newt Gingrich of Georgia , is distracted by questions about his ethics , conservatives note . 
George W. Koch , 63 years old , president and chief executive officer of Grocery Manufacturers of America Inc. , was elected a director of this maker of spices , seasonings and specialty foods , succeeding Erskin N. White Jr. , 65 , who resigned . 
Last month its president , John S. Donnelly , resigned citing `` management differences '' with Mr. Kurzweil . 
The cornflake-size product was more comfortable and less prone to falling out than hard contact lenses , which had been around since 1939 . 
Both regions are the fastest-growing areas for Basf , the company said . 
Arizona Trend magazine referred to Mr. Simmons this year as one of the 25 most influential people in the state . 
But the Japanese Fisheries Association criticized moves to ban the practice in international waters . 
When a House-Senate conference on yesterday 's bill rescinded $ 11.8 million in unexpended funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , economic development project backed by former Speaker James Wright , Sen. Phil Gramm ( R. , Texas ) insisted last week that the money be preserved . 
`` But I 'm going to proceed in a more logical way . 
`` La Familia de Hoy , '' or `` Today 's Family , '' will debut this spring and will combine a national bimonthly magazine and TV programming . 
There is n't any rush on the part of investors in the West to buy gold , he said . 
He paid $ 2.2 million , for instance , for a still life by Jan Jansz. den Uyl that was expected to fetch perhaps $ 700,000 . 
He had been vice president of the department , which was formerly called the real estate department . 
Paribas officials , once considered France 's toughest bankers , felt abashed at Suez 's success and its rapid growth . 
`` But we hope to keep a balance between the office and the family . '' 
One of Mr. Straszheim 's recurring themes is that the state of the economy is n't a simple black or white . 
In addition to 26 chapters in the U.S. , there are 40 chapters in foreign countries . 
In the nine months , net income fell 79 % to $ 31.1 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 149.3 million , or $ 1.82 a share , a year earlier . 
Great American Bank said its board approved the formation of a holding company enabling the savings bank to pursue nontraditional banking activities under a new federal law . 
President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Labor , Education and Health and Human Services because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of rape and incest , the White House said . 
Indeed , although a majority of Republican lawmakers favor a line-item veto , some , ranging from liberal Oregon Sen. Mark Hatfield to conservative Rep. Edwards are opposed . 
The Big Three U.S. auto makers posted losses in their core North American automotive businesses for the third quarter , and expectations of continued slow vehicle sales and price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period . 
In any settlement , Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so projects Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters have locked up for the next few years , notably sequels to `` Batman . '' 
ITT 's Hartford Insurance Group had a $ 53 million quarterly pretax loss from Hurricane Hugo , ITT said . 
Regrettably , too , Mr. Ortiz resorts to the familiar `` numbers game '' when he boasts that `` fewer than 392 { state enterprises } currently remain in the public sector , '' down from the `` 1,155 public entities that existed in 1982 . 
In a letter to Mr. Bennett 's office , released yesterday , Washington 's city administrator , Carol Thompson , complained that the drug czar had exaggerated the amount of federal drug-related assistance provided to the capital . 
The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday . 
Poverty remains far more widespread among blacks than other Americans . 
Down the street , a car pulls into the Shell station and is surrounded by black attendants . 
For private-sector union workers , the cost of wages and benefits rose 0.9 % in the third quarter . 
Mr. Kalmus said that by next July they would have accrued unpaid interest equal to $ 350 million . 
Dealers contemptuous of the purchase price , he says , were themselves interested in buying the Rubens but lost out . 
The application of herbicide would kill off the male-fertile plants , leaving a large field of male-sterile plants that can be cross-pollinated to produce hybrid seed . 
Credit analysts said investors are nervous about the issue because they say the company 's ability to meet debt payments is dependent on too many variables , including the sale of assets and the need to mortgage property to retire some existing debt . 
That reflects the huge drop a week ago Friday , last Monday 's rebound and the dips and blips that followed . 
The General Accounting Office estimates that 50 % of IRS audits do n't spot companies that fail to file the reports . 
I 've seen a great many moviestar film portraits , and this one is outstanding . 
What market makers provide is immediacy , a very valuable service . 
As the country 's new leader , Egon Krenz , prepared to travel to Moscow today for talks with Soviet leader Gorbachev , hundreds of thousands of East Germans massed in the streets of Leipzig , Halle and Schwerin to call for internal freedoms and the legalization of the New Forum opposition group . 
Just five months after Ogilvy Group was swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover , Kenneth Roman , Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a top post at American Express Co . 
Though I agree with many of Mr. Kageyama 's comments , I believe he points the gun in the wrong direction : It is n't the Americans who must be criticized for not understanding the Japanese culture , but the Japanese who insist on forcing their culture on Americans . 
`` New technologies are changing the way we deal with each other and the way we work , '' says Janlori Goldman , a staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union . 
We do not know whether RU-486 will be as disastrous as some of the earlier fertility-control methods released to unblinking , uncritical cheers from educated people who should have known better . 
Now , the threat of further restrictions adds a new dimension , bringing an upsurge in political activity by abortion-rights forces . 
The sales-tax plan was preferred over an alternative that would have boosted the state gasoline tax . 
Mr. Cawthorn said the profit growth in the latest quarter was due to the sale of two Rorer drugs . 
Third-quarter net was $ 40 million , or $ 1.04 a share , from $ 54.4 million , or $ 1.47 a share , a year ago . 
International Business Machines dropped 7\/8 to 99 7\/8 . 
Bob Bardagy , executive vice president of marketing at Comdisco Inc. , a huge leasing firm , said : `` To put it mildly , IBM Credit has been doing some of the worst economic deals of any leasing company we have ever seen . '' 
Is n't it true that you were so worked up that framing Mr. Laff for this crime was the least that you planned for him ? '' 
Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever , Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell 's `` For Free '' -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist , to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas 's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing , `` Deep Peace . '' 
`` The ventilation here is great ! '' 
Before adjustment for inflation , the association said , orders were up a nominal 5 % . 
The Merc said Mr. Roberts withheld from the market certain orders in cooperation with another trader , David Stein . 
Indeed , skepticism was amply captured by a joke told by Poles at the conference : `` The world must be coming to an end . 
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls . 
He succeeds Alvin A. McCall in the position . 
Crestmont is conducting a search for a chief executive . 
Now the Journal , flush with ads and hugely profitable , is even with La Presse in weekend circulation and outsells it 3 to 2 every weekday . 
`` The judge never made a pretense of repaying the money , '' said Mr. Green . 
And important U.S. lawmakers must decide at the end of November if the Contras are to receive the rest of the $ 49 million in so-called humanitarian assistance under a bipartisan agreement reached with the Bush administration in March . 
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share . 
Mr. Cornell has just completed a study that finds that the risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds . 
`` Why was containment so successful ? 
General Motors Corp. has signaled that as many as five of its U.S. and Canadian plants may not survive the mid-1990s as it struggles to trim its excess vehicle-production capacity . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
In a media-linked world , scientists may earn wide praise and even Nobels for their work , but they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content , funding and goals of that work . 
Delta problems are difficult , not impossible , to solve -- I am just not convinced that we are ready to solve them yet . 
( Reliance floated a $ 357 million petrochemical company in 1988 that was , at the time , the largest public issue in Indian history . ) 
This maker of electronic measuring devices named two new directors , increasing board membership to nine . 
It takes one person 's account and gives it authenticity . '' 
`` I 'm too old to waste a weekend , but that 's what I did , '' the 48-year-old Mr. Juliano moans . 
A survey contained in the 291-page report , `` Copyright and Home Copying : Technology Challenges the Law , '' found that most people consider home copying for such personal use a `` right '' -- a right , moreover , that was exercised by 40 % of Americans over the age of 10 in the past year . 
The company , which leases technology equipment , reported substantially lower net income for its fiscal first quarter , which ended Aug. 31 . 
`` It 's an extremely complex market , and you have to be prepared to make a big commitment , '' Mr. Forrester says . 
But the offering almost did n't happen . 
But Whitbread has been squeezed by giant rivals amid widespread consolidation in the industry . 
The company , which last month paid # 50.7 million for regional British brewer Boddington Group PLC , has about 13 % of the British beer market . 
He talked about it in every speech he made as he roamed the country promoting his books , which dispense handy how-to advice on using government information for fun and profit . 
Having donated heavily to museums , they demand a place on their boards . 
The approval , which had been expected , permits West Germany 's second-largest bank to acquire shares of the French investment bank . 
The Port of Houston closed its terminal for handling bulk cargo . 
`` If you believe that a good performance next year is contingent on an acceleration of revenue , there is n't a lot here to base optimism on . '' 
Separately , UniFirst reported that net income rose 21 % to $ 3 million , or 29 cents a share adjusted for the split , for the fourth quarter ended Aug. 26 . 
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore , Sydney and Wellington , but were lower in Seoul . 
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said . 
Republicans figured that in Mr. Giuliani , the nation 's best-known prosecutor , they had a chance for a huge upset in the heart of Democratic territory and that they would pick up a new political star . 
The Victorian house that Ms. Johnson is inspecting has been deemed unsafe by town officials . 
The selection of Mr. Krenz may also disappoint Moscow . 
`` We still think there 's a lot of unsettlement in this market . 
The scientists then took the five toxin genes and triggered a mutation in the one gene that caused virulence . 
Observers also wonder whether Judge Mazzone will use the lost-profits method of determining damages , which Polaroid favors because it would result in a larger award , or the reasonable royalty method . 
Similarly , 57 % of respondents own shares in a money-market mutual fund , and 33 % own municipal bonds . 
Bond Corp. , a brewing , property , media and resources company , is selling many of its assets to reduce its debts . 
The dollar finished lower . 
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc . 
Mr. Gaubert 's lawyer , Abbe David Lowell of Washington , D.C. , says the impact of the ruling on other cases involving thrift takeovers will depend on the degree of similarity in the facts . 
Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of its criminal guilty plea and a related civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that includes payment of $ 650 million in penalties . 
The rivals currently are locked in a costly bidding contest for Hollywood film rights . 
`` They 've got a lot of different balls in the air at the same time , '' observes Jim Poyner , a computer securities analyst with Dallas-based William K. Woodruff & Co . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
Only for cigarettes , mayonnaise and toothpaste did more than 60 % of users say they typically stick with the same brand . 
As of March 1 , its Flint office , with about 2,500 employees , stopped delivering bulk mail and non-subscription magazines . 
`` There 's quite a bit of value left in the { Jaguar } shares here even though they have run up '' lately , says Doug Johnson , a fund manager for Seattle-based Safeco Asset Management . 
Old Environmentalism involved microbe hunters and sanitationists . 
Some economists believe that yields on all Treasury securities may rise this week as the market struggles to absorb the new supply . 
Proceeds from the planned sale of the 250,000-square-foot building `` will help reduce the debt incurred as a result of our July 1988 recapitalization , '' said a USG official . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 17.01 points to 2596.72 in active trading . 
The noncallable issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
Kodak , based in Rochester , N.Y. , said IBM also had bid for the business . 
An AT&T spokeswoman said the company would likely replace about one-third of its managers who choose to retire with new employees . 
In fact , they 've spent billions of dollars to boost the percentage of continously cast steel to 60.9 % in 1988 , from 39.6 % five years before . 
Many streets and sidewalks buckled , and subterranean water mains and service connections ruptured . 
All the issues were priced at a spread of 37 basis points above the Treasury strips with similar maturities . 
Some of the coal the plants buy will come from Westmoreland mines . 
One dealer said the talk was that the firm sold about $ 500 million of bellwether 30-year bonds . 
But he is n't worried . 
Unlike the week following Black Monday two years ago , individual traders in the S&P 500 pit were also being uncharacteristically circumspect about their one-day profits . 
NASA postponed the liftoff of the space shuttle Atlantis because of rain near the site of the launch pad in Cape Canaveral , Fla . 
Beta is a handy gauge that measures the volatility of a stock or stock mutual fund . 
Net was $ 139 million , or 98 cents a share , for the quarter , compared with $ 213 million , or $ 1.56 a share , a year ago . 
The thrifts had a combined loss of $ 487.8 million in the second quarter . 
As the good times rolled they more than doubled their prices for pulp , a raw material used in all sorts of paper , to $ 830 a metric ton this past spring from $ 380 a ton at the start of 1986 . 
Mr. Niciporuk sits . 
Northern Trust Corp. said its board adopted a shareholder rights plan aimed at deterring unwanted takeover bids , but said it 's not aware of any plan to acquire the banking concern . 
Alpine Group Inc. revised its exchange offer for $ 43.7 million face amount of 13.5 % senior subordinated debt due 1996 and extended the offer to Oct. 27 from Oct. 12 . 
In a decision in April of this year , Judge Roger Miner , joined by Judge Frank Altimari , agreed on denying the injunction and did not doubt that `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' was a serious work but rejected Judge Leval 's argument that the public interest in scholarship could outweigh the sanctity of copyright . 
Flush with cash at home , but with fewer customers to lend to , leading banks are eager to expand overseas . 
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders . 
Following that announcement Tuesday , however , company officials were unavailable to elaborate . 
Mr. Calloway blamed the slower volume on rainier weather , a dearth of new products in the industry and -- to a much lesser extent -- pricing . 
Investment-grade bonds were unchanged . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.49 % 30 days ; 8.44 % 60 days ; 8.27 % 90 days ; 8.12 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days . 
An acquisition accounted for half the sales rise , TRW said . 
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Britain 's economic fundamentals , he said , `` do n't look very bright . '' 
Desperate , he has called in the Libyans to help fight the rebels of the Somali National Movement in the north , which is only one of several groups picking away at the regime in the capital of Mogadishu . 
Maybe it 's crazy , '' he said . 
That 's the word expected to be on the lips of the more than 3,000 developers , pension-fund advisers and real estate financiers slated to attend a four-day conference , beginning here today , sponsored by the Urban Land Institute . 
If you are a salaried man , Amen ! 100 % captured . 
GMAC Canada Ltd . ( U.S. parent ) -- 150 million Canadian dollars of floating-rate notes due November 1996 , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets Ltd . 
British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . 
c - Yields , adjusted for constant maturity . 
More and more observers now realize that the key to ending future HUD scandals lies in forcing Congress to clean up its own act . 
No prosecutorial guidelines , observed or unobserved , limit civil RICO cases by plaintiffs for damages . 
Intertan jumped 2 1\/4 to 56 7\/8 . 
`` You should really think twice if you think you can out-smart the system . '' 
Recruited from New York University 's MBA program , he rose within two years to head of production , overseeing such films as `` The Way We Were , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Tommy '' and `` Shampoo . '' 
He was a `` socialist warrior '' who felt rankled by West Germany 's enormous postwar prosperity and the Bonn government 's steadfast refusal to recognize the legitimacy of his state . 
Auto makers reported that mid-October sales were running at an annual rate of about 5.8 million units , far less than the 6.6 million units analysts had expected . 
The move reflected the growing confidence of the revamped Supreme Soviet . 
The company expects to work a ship due in today with minimal delays , despite sporadic power . 
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self-incrimination . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , BroadBeach said it sold the 101,000 McGill shares for $ 7.3 million in a private transaction on Oct. 12 . 
The seemingly mundane action , which was opposed by the Securities Industry Association , a trade group , has important implications for banks ' recent entry into the underwriting of corporate securities . 
Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program-trade OTC stocks . 
Elsewhere in the chemicals sector , Dow Chemical fell 1 1\/4 to 97 1\/2 , Monsanto lost 1 7\/8 to 118 , B.F. Goodrich slipped 2 1\/4 to 44 3\/4 and Olin slid 1 to 57 3\/4 . 
Analysts do n't expect the September surge in auto production to be repeated in the coming months . 
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said . 
State officials could n't be reached for comment late yesterday . 
`` People are naturally suspicious of them , '' says Mr. Mullins of Morgan Stanley . 
Even the Soviet Union came , for the first time in 24 years , to show off its Lada Niva sedan and its futuristic dark-blue `` Kompakt '' model . 
His point : It will be increasingly difficult for the U.S. to cling to command-and-control measures if even the East Bloc steps to a different drummer . 
When traders see the Fed is in the exchange market it may make them tread a little carefully , for fear of what the central bank may do . 
He also held out little hope of restitution for purchasers of $ 225 million in American Continental subordinated debt . 
That disclosure came , a Delmed spokeswoman said , after the American Stock Exchange alerted the company that trading would n't resume in its stock until additional information about developments was provided . 
Topaz , a translucent mineral that is often whitish when taken from the ground , can be turned blue by irradiation , which transforms it into a gemstone that looks like an aquamarine . 
Although the dollar rose slightly against most major currencies , the focus in currency markets was on the beleaguered British pound , which gained slightly against the dollar . 
Sotheby 's Inc. 's gamble in the art-dealing business appears to have paid off . 
Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , president and chief executive , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in solid waste and recycling , telecommunications and international venture capital . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
That suit and Exxon 's countersuit were filed in a state court in Anchorage . 
`` Niche-itis fragments our advertising dollars , '' said Mr. Lauder . 
In addition , local banks say the new contract is important in helping them offset their Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
To transmit charts to branch offices , they use a fax machine . 
I used to wear hats in Russia , but I had to make them and my dresses . 
But Sony is a problem . '' 
Borden sells considerably more whole milk than reduced-fat milks in southern and Hispanic markets , he says . 
Indeed , lower wages -- in Greece , they are a third of the EC average -- are n't enough to offset higher transport costs and lower productivity in the southern countries . 
And for every champion , there are plenty of nags . 
The do-it-yourself show , slated to start airing by June 1990 , marks Sears 's entry into the burgeoning market of home repair television programs and could bolster sales of its home improvement products . 
The cross-border loan portfolio reflected `` adjustment problems and episodic payment patterns , '' the bank said no interest payments from Argentina in the nine months and none from Brazil in the third quarter , while Venezuela brought itself `` substantially current . '' 
Sammi Steel Co . ( Korea ) -- $ 50 million of bonds due Nov. 8 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/4 % to 1 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. and Dong Suh Securities Co . 
MTM is a unit of British-based TVS Entertainment PLC , whose chief executive officer , James Gatward , will oversee the company until a successor is named . 
SHORT SKIRTS not welcome in Texas court : 
At the University of Kentucky , a team led by Dean Currier , a physical therapy researcher , is testing the stimulators in conjunction with electric shocks to induce muscle contractions to help prevent wasting of thigh muscles after knee surgery . 
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts . 
Analysts have continually lowered their earnings estimates for the company , and their outlook , at least for the short term , is bleak . 
Mr. Junkins was n't optimistic about the short-term outlook , hinting that further workforce reductions may be needed . 
Ford Motor Co. said it will shut down for one week its Kentucky Truck Plant because of a `` shortage of dealer orders . '' 
Fleet also noted that , unlike other banking companies in the Northeast , it has been only marginally hurt by nonperforming loans that have resulted from the slumping regional real estate market . 
Revenue was reduced $ 33 million by three extraordinary items : a California Public Utilities Commission refund for an American Telephone & Telegraph Co. billing adjustment ; a provision for productivity sharing to be paid to customers in 1990 and a one-time accrual for a toll settlement with long-distance telephone companies . 
The Federal Reserve System is the standard object of suggestions for organizational and institutional changes , for two reasons . 
But only four days after that , Mr. Bush resurrected the veto threat . 
Sitting at the bar of the Four Seasons restaurant , architect William McDonough seems oblivious to the glamorous clientele and the elegant setting . 
Some bankers are reporting more inquiries than usual about CDs since Friday . 
The appeals court , however , said the judge did n't adequately consider whether the delay would actually hurt the chances of a fair trial . 
10 billion yen ( $ 70 million ) of 6 % bonds due Feb. 24 , 1993 , priced at 101 1\/4 , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
Midmorning , he dons an orange-and-blue uniform and , for fun , may field a bunt from Dave Kingman . 
Meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate pilot groups and seniority lists , and that is costing Federal `` a big number , '' says James Barksdale , executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
Another significant factor in the capitalgains debate is the extent to which it has become a purely political battle between President Bush and Senate Majority Leader Mitchell . 
To justify their exempt status and avoid penalties , these businesses must show once a year that each and every transaction on which they did n't pay sales tax was a legitimate business expense . 
Earnings fell to $ 877 million , or $ 1.51 a share , somewhat below securities analysts ' revised expectations of around $ 1.60 a share . 
Renault and DAF Trucks NV announced a preliminary agreement to jointly manufacture a line of trucks in Britain and France . 
Many workers , especially professionals , want to remain independent to avoid tax withholding and to continue to deduct many expenses that employees ca n't . 
The British balance-of-payments statistics show that after the top tax rate was cut to 40 % , the flow abroad of British capital slowed , to 50 billion pounds ( $ 79 billion at the current rate ) in 1988 from 93 billion pounds in 1986 . 
They closed Tuesday in composite trading at $ 13.625 , down 37.5 cents , giving the stock portion of the transaction an indicated value of $ 38.8 million . 
First National Bank of Boston , for example , is offering certain new depositors an extra quarter of a percentage point on six-month and 12-month CDs . 
In August , a Chicago conference on such devices attracted more than 100 researchers , who reported studies on everything from brain mapping to physical therapy . 
Some projects are now in the hands of lenders , including a 425,000-square-foot office facility in Little Falls , N.J . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied on the news , closing 39.55 points higher at 2683.20 . 
At Plant Genetic Systems , researchers have isolated a pollen-inhibiting gene that can be inserted in a plant to confer male sterility . 
David Rahill of A. Foster Higgins & Co. said that clients of his consulting firm report that utilization management reduces their hospital care bills by about 5 % , but he agreed that for the health-care system as whole , some of these savings are offset by administrative and outpatient care costs . 
As their name implies , these operations are linked to far-reaching policy reforms that aim at helping borrowing countries get back on the growth path and at enhancing their credit-worthiness . 
Meeting in Strasbourg Wednesday , the commission voted , as expected , to formally object to the accord between Air France , the state-owned airline , and state-controlled domestic carrier Air Inter . 
Union Bank of Finland -- 100 million Australian dollars of 9 % bonds due Nov. 9 , 1990 , priced at 94 to yield 17.20 % less full fees , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets Ltd . 
Pretoria 's approval of the demonstration and the ANC 's conciliatory tone appeared aimed at setting up negotiations to give blacks political rights . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Dec. 1 , 1989 , through Nov. 9 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Nov. 2 . 
The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly . 
Brooks expects to pay Coin Wrap a total of about $ 20,000 -- a cost that insurance wo n't cover . 
In post-earthquake parlance , her building is a `` red . '' 
The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell or merge sick S&Ls and their assets , but that is a net cost . 
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation-socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . '' 
Compiled by William Mathewson 
But what the Senate Judiciary Committee has done in supporting the strongly worded Armenian resolution achieves no useful end ; it merely produces more controversy and embittered memories . 
`` But if you 're an individual investing money and trying to get it back again , then that is n't of overwhelming importance . '' 
Treasury bonds got off to a strong start , advancing modestly during overnight trading on foreign markets . 
`` We 'd be reluctant to accept 50-50 ownership in a manufacturing company . 
`` The last two months have been the whole ball game , '' says Steven Norwitz , a vice president . 
For Mr. Tait , who says he used to earn as much as $ 150,000 a year at Wang , it was one more reason to quit . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
It is the seed 's colorlessness and size -- 1,000 of them weigh only 1.5 grams , or about as much as two paper clips -- that explain the historical allusions to fleas . 
The Sept. 30 end of the federal fiscal year may have prodded contractors to get any behind-schedule road and bridge construction under way `` before the clock ran out , '' Mr. Christie said , referring to threatened 5 % across-the-board budget cuts . 
`` We cleared up questions and inconsistencies very quickly , because the people who had the skills and perspective required to resolve them were part of the task team , '' Mr. Anton explains . 
Last year , Du Pont agreed to pay $ 4.5 million for rights to superconductor work at the University of Houston . 
The move will cut out the cost of a middleman and give Specialized more control over marketing and sales . 
Fewer people said they were working up a sweat with such activities as jogging , tennis , swimming and aerobics . 
He said Mr. Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies , and would `` help define policies and strategies of the group . '' 
Net income rose to $ 699 million , or 65 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 587 million , or 55 cents a share . 
At least one analyst noted that as production improves , the concern among traders is whether the prospective increased supply will find buyers because of uncertainty over national economies . 
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and most senators contend that the Navy 's F-14 is too expensive in an era of shrinking Pentagon budgets . 
General Mills gained 2 1\/4 to 72 7\/8 . 
Mr. Dannemiller , 51 , joined Bearings in August 1988 from Leaseway Transportation Corp. , where he was president and chief operating officer . 
The usually cautious giant will become the majority owner of the company that owns New York 's beloved Rockefeller Center at a time when tensions over Japanese purchases of U.S. property are at an all-time high . 
But as Bill Austin , Giant 's president , puts it , `` With some of the bigger players consolidating their strength , the game has changed . 
Bruce W. Wilkinson , president and chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this architectural and design services concern . 
The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , president and chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. , and Peter S. Willmott , chairman and chief executive officer of Willmott Services Inc . 
These securities get top credit ratings because the issuers have put aside U.S. bonds that will be sold to pay off holders when the municipals are retired . 
What 's so discouraging is ... '' 
They can do this by purchasing `` index puts , '' which are simply put options on indexes that match broad baskets of stocks . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp . ( Sweden ) -- 
The potential bill : more than $ 600 million for several seasons , an 80 % jump . 
It should seek only to maintain the functioning of markets -- not to prop up the Dow Jones or New York Stock Exchange averages at a particular level . 
But even a little appeal has a lot of attraction these days . 
A De Beers spokesman said yesterday the company had offered to increase the minimum wage by 18 % , while the union was demanding 26.6 % . 
It 's Mike 's challenge as well . '' 
Despite the excesses , however , the scorecard for the production has many more pluses than minuses . 
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today . 
However , competitors say that Kidder 's hiring binge involving executive-level staffers , some with multiple-year contract guarantees , could backfire unless there are results . 
For the year ended March 31 , Dentsu sales rose 19 % to $ 8.9 billion from $ 7.5 billion , and net income jumped 59 % to $ 102 million from $ 64 million . 
More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America , as they had in Japan and South Korea . 
P&G set out to reposition the brand by broadening the product line to include facial cleansers and moisturizers for sensitive skin . 
Convertible debentures -- bonds that can later be converted into equity shares -- are the most popular instrument this year , though many companies are also selling nonconvertible bonds or equity shares . 
Rep. Waxman and Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts have proposed regulation to deal with the problem . 
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond . 
The latter are modish , trendy , often downright silly , and at best insubstantial . 
As for the projects remaining at Warner , Mr. Guber says , `` Mr. Semel informed me that Warner 's producers have already started a ` feeding frenzy ' for our projects . 
That includes more than $ 9.5 billion issued through August of this year , up sharply from $ 6.5 billion in the comparable 1988 period -- and more than in all of 1987 . 
With a jazz-piano tape playing softly in the background , the soothing hands of Sabina Vidunas begin to work on Ms. Foster 's neck and shoulders . 
Aldus , Seattle , makes computer software products . 
Reggie Jackson , the retired baseball star , has found another use for them . 
BAKER FALTERS in the Mideast amid Israeli paralysis and Palestinian politics . 
Then , when Morgenzon was incorporated in 1908 , the farmer who owned the land stipulated that only whites could reside in town ; blacks could work there , but they had to leave at night . 
Mr. Ericson says he tries to offset the leverage by diversifying the fund 's portfolio . 
In 1980 , Mr. Guber got together with Mr. Peters , by then a successful producer in his own right , after the death of Mr. Bogart . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
It 's difficult to be that consistently wrong . '' 
Mr. Stevens said he expects the new price will be considerably lower , but declined to specify a figure . 
`` It took away the need to know the bad third-quarter report of IBM , for example , '' Mr. Kegler says . 
Last year , the research and development division of Weyerhaeuser Co. , the large wood-products concern , invited a masseuse to its Tacoma , Wash. , offices . 
If the House prevails in its efforts to kill the catastrophic-care plan , the monthly Part B premium will be $ 29 next year . 
The building-materials concern did n't disclose terms of the sale , which will close in the first quarter of next year . 
By a 4-0 vote , it allowed AT&T to continue offering special discount packages to big customers , called Tariff 12 , rejecting appeals by AT&T competitors that the discounts were illegal . 
Then , perhaps , Mr. Ovcharenko 's ideas would n't sound like so much blarney . 
About the only way that USX now can get out of steel is to dish it out , piece by piece , in separate joint ventures , he adds . 
The turmoil on Wall Street may benefit some retailers attempting to lead leveraged buy-outs of their specialty and department-store chains , investment bankers and retailers said . 
Said Earl Ellis , a Jacobson partner who got involved in the UAL action , `` It all starts all over again '' today . 
The other is that he 's an Oakland native , and lifted residents ' spirits by his visits to quake-hit areas last week . 
Protective barriers will start coming down within the insurance industry next summer , when big industrial companies will be able to buy insurance from carriers in any other EC country for the first time . 
Mr. Payson , an art dealer and collector , sold Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' at a Sotheby 's auction in November 1987 to Australian businessman Alan Bond . 
Brokerage firms as a rule do n't comment on their market activity . 
This would leave Britain free to adopt the charter after having rebutted the action program . 
The group will complain to Washington , to the heads of program-trading firms and to the heads of the Big Board itself , he said . 
The company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve tanks and other heavy-tracked vehicles when they break down or are damaged , and an option for 16 more . 
Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti division likes to insist that every dealer construct and furnish a building in a Japanese style . 
Belgium 's inflation has been rising steadily for the past year , but the ministry said the latest rise is slower than gains in September and August . 
Many of his peers feel the same way . 
Although ARCO 's head office , more than 300 miles from the epicenter , was n't affected by this week 's tremors , Ms. Masaki-Schatz used the occasion to distribute a three-page memo of `` Earthquake Tips '' to 1,200 ARCO employees . 
That 's because quota-trained managers will likely respond better to quantity than to price signals . 
By contrast , in 19th-century Russia an authoritarian government owned the bank and had the power to revoke payment whenever it chose , much as it would in today 's Soviet Union . 
For the nine months , Storage had net of $ 25.5 million , or 98 cents a share , including an $ 11.3 million extraordinary gain for the anticipated proceeds from liquidating an Irish unit . 
He told the woman 's lawyer , Victor Blaine , that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance . 
Though it collects such data daily , its monthly reports on program trading usually come out about three weeks after each month ends . 
Their legacy lives on . 
Bally bought the former MGM Grand hotel-casino from Kirk Kerkorian four years ago . 
Du Pont also announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split , although the initial higher dividend will be paid on pre-split shares . 
The 6 1\/2-foot-tall turtle , Pong Pagong , is a character who stars in the children 's television show `` Batibot . '' 
On the other hand , only a handful of individual issues were suspended from trading on Friday . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. also has begun to gain share in the whole computer-integrated-manufacturing arena . 
At the same time , abortion foes have developed a national legislative strategy , deciding to move on what Jacki Ragan , the National Right to Life Committee 's director of state organizational development , calls `` reasonable measures that an overwhelming mainstream majority of Americans support . '' 
Allstate is expected to absorb another big hit in the fourth quarter as claims pour in from the San Francisco earthquake . 
`` Tokyu is one of the potential buyers who might raise its hand . 
The robberies also have set off a controversy involving the airlines . 
Thereafter , the rate will be renegotiated . 
Analysts predict little or no near-term growth . 
`` It was a case of human error , which we found almost immediately and corrected , '' a spokesman for Reuter in New York said . 
But Saatchi 's troubles have only whipped up interest among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses . 
But the fund 's size is disputed by Mr. Brown 's office , which estimates the fund holds from $ 630 million to $ 800 million . 
SHEARSON LEHMAN HUTTON Inc . 
Many contend that the report may overstate the economy 's health and predict the third-quarter figures may be the last vigorous statistics for some time to come . 
But its unsentimental sketches of Cairo life are vintage Mahfouz . 
Chandler might have been predicting the course of his own career . 
Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 589 million , or $ 3.29 a share , from $ 632 million , or $ 3.36 a share , a year ago . 
He said the bank could n't wait any longer for prices to recover and for borrowers to service their loans . 
Consequently , Michael Darby , undersecretary for economic affairs at the Commerce Department , said inflation probably will edge up from the third-quarter rate in the final three months of 1989 . 
`` They 're often right across the street from one another , '' Mr. Thompson said . 
When Angelo hears that the young man Claudio has made his fiancee pregnant before he could marry her , Angelo summarily condemns Claudio to death . 
Hopefully , he 'll be the answer to the problems they 've had in New York . '' 
I love this business , '' he says . 
Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for a prodigious duplex on Fifth Avenue and an 18th-century mansion with a specially excavated $ 1 million garage in Paris , the Postels had obtained an injunction to prevent any future hoisting of trees , and in a neighborly spirit hit both the Gutfreunds and the building with a $ 35 million lawsuit . 
Lang owns 70 % of Matilda , while Citicorp owns the rest through its Citicorp Venture Capital Partners . 
The 30-share index ended 12.6 points higher at 1751.9 . 
As Jaguar 's biggest holder and Britain 's biggest car maker , Ford could turn up the heat by convening a special shareholders ' meeting and urging holders to drop the limits early . 
The company 's U.S. subsidiary , Matsushita Electric Corp. of America , had donated over $ 35,000 worth of Matsushita-made flashlights and batteries to residents shortly after the disaster , a company spokesman said . 
`` It 's simple , '' says Lamar Hunt , who owns the Kansas City Chiefs and last year raised ticket prices by $ 2.40 to an average $ 17 . 
It helped Dictaphone attract better engineers , and it provided new technology for other company products . 
Apogee was quoted in the over-the-counter market yesterday at $ 2 bid . 
Salomon Brothers was among the largest sellers of stock-index futures last week , traders said . 
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do . 
The FCC `` did n't say I could n't do it again , '' he said . 
The next to be cloned , human insulin , had market potential and Genentech licensed it to Eli Lilly , which produced 80 % of the insulin used by 1.5 million U.S. diabetics . 
Judging by a poll of Wall Street Journal readers conducted this summer by Erdos & Morgan Inc. , serious investors have taken that advice to heart . 
He says Digital will target faster-growing market segments such as on-line transaction processing , which includes retail-sales tracking , airline reservations and bank-teller networks . 
At an estimated $ 360 million , the project would represent the single largest foreign investment in the Philippines since President Corazon Aquino took office in February 1986 . 
The stock market correction of Oct. 13 , 1989 , was a grim reminder of the Oct. 19 , 1987 market collapse . 
The loss in Comprehensive Care 's latest quarter is equal to 46 cents a share . 
The comptroller 's office said it found no indications of illegal discrimination in 3,437 examinations of banks since April 1987 . 
The notes are zero-coupon securities and will not pay interest periodically . 
That caused a brief period of panic selling of stocks on the Big Board . 
`` The big one is still due , '' Mr. Johnson predicted in an interview . 
They believe the media , including `` Batibot , '' have played a crucial role . 
Major injuries were n't reported at Candlestick Park , where the third game of baseball 's World Series was canceled and fans evacuated from the stadium . 
Paul Wenz , a Phoenix , Ariz. , attorney , says a promise of unrealistic returns would have made him leery . 
The ministry has never even suggested that Japanese banks be cautious about leveraged buy-outs in general , Mr. Utsumi said . 
Continued uncertainty about the timing of the consortium 's debut could make it hard to find a # 450 million cash injection . 
The crisis had peaked on May 10 , 1974 , when the bank disclosed `` severe '' foreign-exchange losses due to `` unauthorized '' trading . 
The White House already is talking of Mr. Bush visiting the California earthquake site this weekend . 
To leave this decision to an `` independent '' agency is not only undemocratic . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge . 
The stakes in the controversy are large . 
Prices also closed higher in Singapore , Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Hong Kong and Manila but were lower in Seoul . 
Viacom attributed the improvement to higher earnings from operations in its networks segment , which includes the MTV and Showtime networks . 
The joint venture licenses a portfolio of about 1,400 patents and patent applications relating to optical-disk recording technology . 
Mr. Johnson , 45 years old , has been a consultant on strategy to Fannie Mae for the past 3 1\/2 years . 
Last May , he sold his 24 % stake in Barris to a passive Australian investor and Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co . 
I suggest your reporter see Charleston next spring in its full glory . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 26 . 
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday . 
Mercury Savings & Loan Association said it retained Merrill Lynch Capital Markets as its lead investment banker to advise it regarding a possible sale or other combination of the Huntington Beach , Calif. , thrift . 
Although many investors were aware that a bond offering was being scheduled , many expected a much smaller amount of bonds to be sold . 
In `` Mastergate , '' Mr. Gelbart has provided us not just one but two commodities that have all but disappeared from the Broadway theater : sharp political satire and an even sharper appreciation of the value of language . 
`` Evidently , somebody has realized it 's easy money to steal these things , '' says Loran Whitelock , a research associate specializing in cycads at the Los Angeles State and County Arboretum . 
The issue is rated triple-A by S&P , Moody 's and Fitch Investors Service Inc . 
But writing history is tough enough without judges gratuitously throwing obstacles in the scholar 's path . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Many aspects of the bill are salutary , providing appropriate public safeguards that can and should be instituted throughout the industry . 
August adjusted spending by wage-earning families was down 0.6 % to 309,381 yen from a year earlier . 
These days , when others raise the subject of abortion , the usually loquacious president can be close-mouthed almost to the point of curtness . 
In a fast-moving market , it prevents an investor from getting stuck with having made two trades on the same security . 
Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years , but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting . 
Sales fell to $ 981.2 million from $ 1.02 billion . 
A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue was partly to blame , but so were lower profits from a stingier contract with the Army and delays in getting paid . 
Grupo Desc , a big conglomerate , has long depended on Pemex petrochemicals to produce plastic packing material . 
While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % . 
The U.S. electronics industry estimates that the HDTV market will total about $ 150 billion over the next two decades , with an additional $ 400 billion expected to go for related products . 
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses . 
Terms of the settlements for the remaining 145 lawsuits against Northwest were n't disclosed . 
The issue arose last week when Vice President Dan Quayle told an audience in Chicago that Mr. Bush was looking for a test case . 
At the end of the exercise , the cash injection from Petronas will increase the bank 's paid-up capital to M$ 1.15 billion after virtually being wiped out by the new provisions . 
The December 1989 contract , which has the greatest trading volume , ended at $ 371.20 an ounce . 
James Morgan 's pick for October -- Dynascan -- is a substantial 35 % riskier than the market portfolio ; his lauded Thermo Electron pick is 40 % riskier . 
The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship . 
Mexican officials maintain the Japanese reserve is only a result of unfamiliarity . 
Southern Air Transport Inc. won $ 47.5 million in Air Force and Navy contracts for transportation services . 
Personnel Pool ( temporary workers , mostly in the health-care area ) chips in close to 25 % of sales but only about 9 % of earnings . 
The Street knows all about the predictability of its earnings , which are headed for a ninth consecutive yearly increase . 
Yet that has n't discouraged investors . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett-Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share . 
Now , investment salesmen say it 's time to take some risks if you want the kind of returns that will buy your toddler a ticket to Prestige U. in 18 years . 
`` You gave them some excitement that they did n't have in their lives . '' 
In the two-part offering , $ 151 million of senior subordinated reset notes were priced at 99.75 and carried a rate of 13 3\/4 % , while the $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating rate notes were priced to float at 4.25 percentage points above the London Interbank Offered Rate , or LIBOR . 
The charge of being `` outside the mainstream '' of legal thought gravely undercut Mr. Bork 's scholarly standing , leaving him bleeding on the platform . 
We see a whole flock of programs that will impose significant costs on the American economy in the form of burdensome regulation and higher liabilities . 
Hooker 's U.S. unit is expected to agree in principle this week to sell its Merksamer Jewelers chain to management , according to executives . 
Many of the properties are owned through limited partnerships controlled by Mr. Helmsley . 
The debentures , due in 2014 , have a coupon of 7 3\/4 % , payable semiannually . 
Declines came because of concern that demand for copper may slow down . 
The quarterly results also reflected $ 21.4 million in non-recurring losses from commercial real-estate activities in California . 
Shortly before that , USAir had said its third-quarter results would be `` significantly lower '' than a year earlier . 
The transaction , for cash and stock , would represent the biggest European takeover since 1980 for New York-based Marsh & McLennan , the world 's largest insurance broker . 
`` These two exposures alone represent a very substantial portion of CS First Boston 's equity , '' Moody 's said . 
The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions . 
If that money were being taxed , it could bring the government a badly needed several trillion yen . 
Prospect , a New York-based leveraged buy-out firm , also agreed to invest $ 15 million in Recognition , which in turn agreed to repurchase as much as $ 20 million of its stock . 
Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . 
Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to $ 51.81 million , or 64 cents a share , from $ 15.7 million , or 20 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Yet under Mr. Reagan 's preferred successor , President Bush , those two cherished national-security causes are withering on the vine . 
Ciba Corning makes clinical diagnostics systems and related products for the medical-care industry . 
Here was the state security appartus poised to pounce on any words or acts of provocation , let alone revolution . 
Mr. Shioya has turned the tables . 
`` Our very disappointing third-quarter results and the discouraging outlook for the fourth quarter underscore the importance of an adequate capital base , '' he said . 
Plans are under way to open a Tiffany 's in Hawaii to cater to Japanese tourists ; it will be run mostly by Mitsukoshi . 
Yesterday the company said it had filed a request with the Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap . 
The farmers stayed angry . 
Even more remarkably , it focused on emissions trading and similar market approaches to address pollution , notwithstanding Poland 's lack of functioning markets . 
Channel One , a satellite-delivered daily program supported by advertising , is scheduled to be launched next March . 
The oil refiner said it will report fiscal fourth quarter and 1989 results next week . 
PAPERS : 
`` But when it does matter , then it 's the only thing that matters . '' 
( Dong-A had had a technology agreement with Jeep maker American Motors Corp. , now a part of Chrysler Corp . ) 
A volcano will erupt next month on the fabled Strip : a 60-foot mountain spewing smoke and flame every five minutes . 
Washington , D.C. -- 
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world-wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners . 
`` The essence of being a trial lawyer is understanding how people of diverse backgrounds react to you and your presentation , '' says Barry Ostrager of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett , who recently won a huge case on behalf of insurers against Shell Oil Co . 
But when blacks are getting their loan applications rejected twice as often as whites -- and in some cities , it is three and four times as often -- I conclude that discrimination is part of the problem . '' 
The heavy-construction sector was the session 's best performer among Dow Jones industry groups ; Fluor rose 3\/4 to 33 3\/8 , Morrison Knudsen gained 2 1\/4 to 44 1\/8 , Foster Wheeler added 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 and Ameron climbed 2 3\/8 to 39 3\/4 . 
Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % , and total equity was $ 457.9 million . 
CBS Sports earned $ 50 million or so last year . 
The company did n't provide an explanation for the softer pretax profit performance and officials could n't be reached for comment . 
`` Investors in the U.S. and Europe are comfortable with the actions of the { Federal Reserve } in its willingness to supply liquidity to financial system , which helped the stock market rebound on Monday , '' he said . 
Characters complain ceaselessly about food queues , prices and corruption . 
But even in his front-runner campaign , he has shown signs of the indecisiveness and confusion that some say has plagued his tenure as Manhattan borough president -- and might hinder him as mayor . 
Congress would have 20 days to reject the package with a 50 % majority , but then a President could veto that rejection . 
`` It certainly was n't intended to be a demotion , '' the spokesman said . 
STOCK PRICES SWUNG wildly as the market reacted to an initial plunge by UAL shares , followed by a sharp rebound in the afternoon . 
We hear , we may think , inner voices , but they all seem to be saying the same thing . 
Mr. Lawson also made it clear that he would be watching exchange rates carefully . 
We should also concede that in the British experience the monetarist cause regains some of the credibility it lost in the U.S. experience . 
In New York City , the new Chancellor , Joseph Fernandez , has landed like a 16-inch shell in the middle of a system that has been impervious to serious reform . 
But the new commercials deal with it indirectly by showing a woman smiling as she tries to get up from a fall . 
Third-quarter spreads widened to the highest level in two years as loan portfolio yields rose and money costs declined , the company said . 
It was in Jaguar 's best interests `` for the company 's future to be assured and the present climate of uncertainty resolved as quickly as possible , '' Mr. Ridley said . 
Massive withdrawals followed and there was a brief rescue attempt , with political undertones , including $ 1.77 billion in Federal Reserve loans . 
Often , developers stay on as property manager . 
Mr. LeGere attributed the earnings increase to growth in the company 's longhaul trucking insurance lines and the ability to keep premium rates firm . 
`` I 'm surprised they 're doing this , '' says Penn Kavanagh , president of Schieffelin & Somerset Co. , which markets Johnnie Walker scotches . 
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests . 
Stocks : Volume 176,100,000 shares . 
The only frenzy I saw was commercial : Booths selling World Series commemorative stamps and dated postmarks were besieged by fledgling speculators who saw future profit in the items . 
EPO , or erythropoietin , is a protein the human body makes to stimulate the growth of red blood cells . 
The upper echelon of this group were shares of the `` nifty 50 '' companies whose profits of the 1960s and early 1970s grew steadily , if not spectacularly , through thick and thin . 
But Mr. Savaiko expects stepped-up producer selling at around the $ 1,040 to $ 1,050 level . 
`` Insurance companies will offer a good rate if no one is sick , but it 's a roll of the dice , '' says Rosemary Heinhold of the Small Business Service Bureau , a group representing 35,000 small businesses nationwide . 
Thus , Brooks Brothers has lost customers to stores that offer more variety such as Paul Stuart , Barneys New York and Louis , Boston . 
Both Saatchi & Saatchi , which announced its intention to sell off most of its consulting business in June , and Cleveland Consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale . 
Czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad political and economic restructuring , but ruled out any dialogue between Prague 's Communist government and independent human-rights or dissident groups . 
A seat on the Chicago Board of Trade was sold for $ 390,000 , unchanged from the previous sale Oct. 13 . 
Moreover , just as vodka has acquired an upscale image in the U.S. , bourbon has become fashionable in many foreign countries , a uniquely American product tied to frontier folklore . 
From here out , these investors see a return to old-fashioned investing , based on a company 's ability to show profit growth . 
The eerie complacency of the Reagan-Bush era has produced Panglossian paeans about the present perfection of U.S. economic and social arrangements . 
Stock prices slipped lower in moderate trading . 
Legislation to this effect has been introduced in Congress in this session by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C . ) . 
After fees and repayment of debt , Avery is left with about $ 24 million in cash and securities from the Uniroyal sale . 
However , the quarter results included $ 28 million in royalty income from patent licenses , up from $ 21 million in the year-earlier period . 
`` In every case , people would like to see a consentual plan , '' he said . 
`` On balance , we think it will be positive . '' 
On Oct. 19 , 1987 , some investors learned the consequences of entering `` good-til-canceled limit orders '' and then forgetting about them . 
`` We ca n't do without their help , '' says Mrs. Conradie . 
OPPENHEIMER CAPITAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP increased the quarterly distribution to 40 cents a limited partnership unit from 36.25 cents . 
They pegged the support largely to anticipation that Britain 's current account imbalance ca n't be much worse than the near record deficits seen in July and August . 
DARMAN'S MANEUVERS on the budget and capital gains hurt him in Congress . 
The company said it acquired 2.5 million shares for 785 pence ( $ 12.48 ) each , or a total of # 19.6 million ( $ 31.2 million ) , from its broker , Barclays de Zoete Wedd . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
The NFL Players Association , meanwhile , contends that athletes are paid a wage commensurate with their ability to draw fans , and that some owners are in financial trouble because of poor business management , not players ' salaries . 
Gases containing CFCs are pumped into polyurethane to make the foam used in pillows , upholstery and insulation . 
`` Lower yields are just reflecting lower short-term interest rates , '' said Brenda Malizia Negus , editor of Money Fund Report . 
McCaw is seeking 50.3 % of the cellular and broadcasting concern ; the revised offer includes a feature requiring McCaw to begin an auction process in July 1994 that would buy out remaining holders at a per-share price roughly equivalent to what a third party might then have to pay for all of LIN . 
The heat energy plus the energy consumed by the breakup of the water molecules added to far more energy coming out of the apparatus than electrical energy going in , they reported . 
`` We could have shouted from the rooftops about Courter ... and no one would have heard us . '' 
In the year ended Jan. 31 , Pace rang up profit of $ 9.4 million , or 72 cents a share , after a tax-loss carry-forward , on sales of $ 1.3 billion , and analysts expect its results to continue to improve . 
The merger is subject to regulatory clearance and a definitive agreement . 
The typical healthy heart beats 70 times a minute . 
`` I have no regrets about going forward , '' said Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif. ) , who sought later to play down the sometimes hostile tone of the long evening meeting . 
Sales rose 18 % in the fiscal fourth quarter to $ 364.1 million from $ 307.9 million on the strength in semiconductors and other products . 
The move will give Nuovo Banco a badly needed foreign presence , and make Credit Agricole the bank 's largest shareholder . 
National Semiconductor is getting ferroelectric technology from Krysalis Corp. in Albuquerque , N.M . 
Chicago has the largest population of citizens of Polish heritage in any city outside Poland . 
`` They say , ` Johnny Payson got $ 53 million for his , so certainly $ 10 million is n't too much for mine . ' 
Price : $ 4.50 ) . 
Meanwhile , a federal mediator is scheduled to meet today with Boeing officials and representatives of 55,000 striking Machinists . 
`` He would , '' agrees the chairman . 
Those two groups have recently been leading the list of stocks setting new highs . 
Like other East Bloc countries , Poland possesses environmental laws more honored in their breach than in their observance . 
A spokesman attributed the bulk of a 14 % increase in selling , administrative and general expenses -- to $ 324.9 million -- to marketing costs . 
Massachusetts Attorney General James Shannon , opposing the license , said he will appeal the ruling in federal court . 
It is a market order that allows floor brokers to take more time to buy or sell an investment , if they think they can get a better price by waiting . 
ABC News has similarly branched out into entertainment gimmickry . 
With the golden share as protection , Jaguar officials have rebuffed Ford 's overtures , and moved instead to forge an alliance with GM . 
The report laid the blame on speculators , who it said had pushed land prices up ninefold . 
Intermec , a maker of optical character-recognition devices , also reported higher third-quarter earnings . 
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately . 
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 . 
She is almost cavalier about the possibility Vietnam 's reforms will create rivals on her home turf . 
Try as they might , the Communists could neither replace nor break him . 
And last week , people close to Saatchi said Maurice Saatchi and his brother , Charles , would lead a buy-out if a hostile bid emerged . 
He says that he knew he was getting a zero-coupon CD and that he had previously invested in TIGRs ( Treasury Income Growth Receipts ) , a type of zero-coupon Treasury security sold by Merrill Lynch . 
Its third-quarter earnings were higher than a year ago , but fell short of expectations . 
This forecast was based on the apparent reversal of most of the negative forces -- such as demographic changes , the oil shock and accelerating inflation -- that had reduced productivity gains in the 1970s . 
However , the disclosure of the guidelines , first reported last night by NBC News , is already being interpreted on Capitol Hill as an unfair effort to pressure Congress . 
They insist that CFCs are damaging the earth 's stratospheric ozone layer , which screens out some of the sun 's ultraviolet rays . 
I want white America to talk about it , too , but I 'm convinced that the grapevine is what 's happening . '' 
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says . 
At that time Sam Whitbread , the company 's chairman and a descendant of its 18th-century founder , will retire from executive duties . 
Starpointe holders , who approved the plan last April , will receive $ 21 in cash a share , or a total $ 63 million . 
He said the company is experimenting with the technique on alfalfa , and plans to include cotton and corn , among other crops . 
Mr. Runkel says he doubts Mr. Kennedy can muster enough congressional support to reorganize the Justice Department . 
Administration officials also have said that Washington Mayor Marion Barry has delayed consideration of sites in the city . 
Because the CD had an effective yield of 13.4 % when it was issued in 1984 , and interest rates in general had declined sharply since then , part of the price Dr. Blumenfeld paid was a premium -- an additional amount on top of the CD 's base value plus accrued interest that represented the CD 's increased market value . 
And it is n't the only giant issue : together , the top four issues will raise $ 1.3 billion . 
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds . 
Two years of coddling , down the drain . 
`` Those are primarily white-collar workers , a customer segment that has historically proved elusive for convenience stores . '' 
President Roh Tae Woo 's administration has been studying the real-estate crisis for the past year with an eye to partial land redistribution . 
Rising office vacancy rates in Fairfield County , Conn. , have builders and bankers scrambling to restructure loans . 
Medicare Part B pays 80 % of a beneficiary 's allowable doctor 's bills after an annual deductible of $ 75 . 
The announcement came after the market 's close . 
Strokes , heart attacks , leg pains ( intermittent claudication ) and other problems stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits . 
The company has said it wants to boost non-GM revenue to at least 50 % of its total business by the end of 1990 . 
During settlement talks , for example , Warner demanded such things as cable TV rights to Columbia movies and Columbia 's interest in the studio it jointly owns with Warner , according to executives involved in the talks . 
Sales rose 50 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 1.4 billion . 
`` A similar result could sometimes be achieved , at less cost , by changing managements , '' he said . 
The banking company said it reached an agreement in principle with International Business Machines Corp. on a systems operations contract calling for IBM to operate First Tennessee 's computer and telecommunications functions . 
Most of that increase came in the first hour after the phone lines opened at 8 a.m . 
RESIDENTIAL builders , faced with a more competitive market , are turning to a traditional consumer marketing technique to establish brand-name identity . 
Combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses , and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment . 
The SEC reassigned trading in the options , however , to allow investors to do more than simply exercise the options . 
But the new union leader makes no apologies for Pemex 's more outward-looking attitude . 
Once she did so , the big-souled German maestro with the shaky nerves who so often cancels offered a limpid , flowing performance that in its unswagged and unswaggering approach was totally at odds with the staging . 
He succeeds Roger Kimmel , who resigned last week saying his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying MGM\/UA Communications Co. was no longer necessary . 
Major regional and national chain stores are replaced by mom-and-pop operations offering poorer-quality merchandise at higher prices . 
And , for an extra $ 6 , Land 's End will deliver orders within two days ; customers can designate the day . 
`` It impresses on ordinary , young Filipinos that there 's nothing to feel inferior about in using their own language , '' says Randy David , a sociologist and host of a popular television talk show . 
People like Pa do exist , of course . 
BNL has about 75,000 nonvoting shares that are listed on the Milan Stock Exchange . 
Canadian retail sales rose 0.2 % in August from July , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
The in-home health care services provider said it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares , while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million . 
Net surged to $ 210.8 million , or $ 2.68 a share , from $ 26.7 million , or 33 cents a share , a year earlier . 
They predict that organized-crime activity will increase once the units are dissolved and their responsibilities transferred to U.S. attorneys ' offices . 
In a speech prepared for delivery to London 's financial community , Mr. Lawson summed up current economic policy as a battle to wring inflation out of the British economy , using high interest rates as `` the essential instrument '' to carry out the campaign . 
He is taken aback in an interview when asked whether , as mayor , he plans on reforming the political `` fiefdoms '' that perpetuate the monumental ineffectiveness of New York 's school system . 
The Better Business Bureau of San Diego and the state Attorney General 's office entered into a settlement stemming from an investigation of bureau-sponsored business directories published by an outside firm , Better Book Inc . 
( In last week 's rape case , for example , the girl turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest villains are the politicians who exploit the case . ) 
The plan , approved by lawmakers and rejected Sunday by Aoun , includes political changes aimed at ending the 14-year-old civil war . 
Sun Sun Co. 's net income climbed 18 % to $ 85 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 72 million , or 67 cents a share . 
Now comes word from a scientist that over the next century Venice will sink nearly three times faster than the present rate because of the `` greenhouse effect . '' 
Comments by John Major , who has succeeded Mr. Lawson , also failed to damp market concern , despite his pledge to maintain relatively high British interest rates . 
Newport Beach telemarketers concentrate on precious metals and oil-leasing deals that typically cost thousands of dollars a shot . 
\*\* With dividends reinvested 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 12 % to $ 6.6 billion from $ 5.91 billion . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Pegasus closed at $ 10.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
STUDENTS SHUN burger flipping for jobs tied to careers . 
Explains a Sotheby 's spokeswoman , the statement `` means exactly what it says . 
GANNETT Co. raised its quarterly dividend 11 % to 30 cents a share from 27 cents , payable Jan. 2 , 1990 , to shares of record Dec. 8 , 1989 . 
With a splendid cast led by David Darlow as Alceste , Christina Haag as Celimene and , especially , William Brown as a Philinte who plays the Hollywood game but harbors authentic values and feelings , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance and wit . 
Maxicare , which filed for bankruptcy protection March 16 , has total debt of $ 750 million . 
Christopher Whittington , 51-year-old deputy chairman of this British investment-banking group and chairman of Morgan Grenfell & Co. , the group 's main banking unit , has retired from his executive duties . 
Mr. Warren will remain on the company 's board . 
What if its sales weaken someday ? 
The first is that it represents an intense battle in what James Thurber used to caricature as `` the war between the sexes . '' 
`` M&A is getting all the headlines right now , but these other things have been building up more gradually , '' she says . 
Serial bonds , which all carry 7 % coupons , are priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7 % in 2000 . 
Because of the vagaries of Gramm-Rudman , the immediate impact is relatively small . 
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices . 
Merieux officials are expected to meet with federal officials in Ottawa today to discuss the decision . 
But Christies , Mr. Morishita insists , is happy to see him become a long-term stockholder . 
Senate Democrats are to meet today to consider the GOP proposal . 
Eager engineers espouse direct-steelmaking and direct casting , which by the end of the 1990s will enable production without coke ovens and blast furnaces . 
Mr. Miles 's newly purchased shares are now worth $ 1,068,000 , based on Philip Morris 's closing price of $ 44.50 , up 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday . 
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at an indicated 109 to yield 3.865 % . 
Because of the glitch , however , the company said it does n't know when its machine will be commercially available . 
President Bush should take the Constitution in one hand and a budget ax in the other and get to work . 
-- Bruce Kafaroff . 
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit . 
Under his watch , office politicking was often rampant in the agency 's New York operation and the office there has had a dismal new-business record for more than a year . 
`` Stocks have not spread to the general public , despite the fact that the environment is much different , '' concludes Robert Avery , an economist at Cornell University . 
Southern New England Telecommunications , which bolstered its marketing efforts for telephone and non-telephone subsidiaries , reported that net increased 8.1 % . 
At his first Chicago press conference , he berated the reporters . 
But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause . 
The recent natural disasters , and the need of many other cities to rebuild crumbling infrastructure , suggests that supply of new issues will continue to rise sharply -- even as demand tapers off . 
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations . 
Eighty-three years ago , William James wrote to H.G. Wells : `` The moral flabbiness born of the exclusive worship of the bitch goddess success ... that , with the squalid cash interpretation put on the word success , is our national disease . '' 
The filing in bankruptcy court here follows a string of quarterly losses and product glitches for the maker of harddisk drives for minicomputers and microcomputers . 
Why , he used to lay in wait for Cap ; suddenly he 'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap 's chest and grab him by the throat and choke him till he coughed up an additional $ 2 billion or so . 
-- `` You talk about free time -- .what free time ? 
Instead , the Treasury announced it would sell $ 2 billion of 51-day cash management bills today and said that the weekly sale of $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills will take place today , as usual , but the sale will settle tomorrow instead of Thursday . 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , UAL closed at $ 168.50 a share , down $ 21.625 . 
`` It would in the near-term give a boost to the San Francisco economy because there will be an influx of people to help , '' says Beth Burnham Mace , a regional economist at DRI\/McGraw Hill , a Lexington , Mass. , forecasting firm . 
Then , to make these gardenettes quite literally rooms , Ms. Bartlett had thrown up windowless walls ( brick , lattice , hedge ) eight to 10 feet tall , casting her interiors into day-long Stygian shade . 
In Tuesday 's gyrating session , the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by 80 points early in the day , but finished with less than a four-point loss . 
About $ 190 million were offered through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Excluding the gain , the company registered a modest 4.6 % increase for the quarter ended Sept. 29 to $ 113 million , or 87 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 107.9 million , or 84 cents a share . 
Mr. Thompson is believed to have a mandate from the board of directors to help improve the Merc 's tarnished reputation as an exchange whose floor traders do n't follow the rules very well . 
Saul Resnick 
Among the other alumni are Stephen Wolf , now chairman of UAL Inc. , and Thomas Plaskett , president of Pan Am Corp . 
The measure is expected to move through this Congress . 
Inefficient-Market Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Well , how about a loan , he 'll take your name and address ... 
The success of the NWA financing , and the failure of the UAL deal , also seem to highlight the important new role in takeover financing being played by Japanese banks . 
There was no appreciable market impact from the California earthquake . 
He said the evidence pointed to wrongdoing by Mr. Keating `` and others , '' although he did n't allege any specific violation . 
But he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at Texas A&M who said they were getting excess heat . 
`` First , we have better quality assurance than ever , because the people building the product have taken on more responsibility for the quality of their own work . 
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas . 
And try plying new dollars free in a market that is softening , hurt by a strong dollar and concerned about overcapacity -- the industry 's Darth Vadar . 
Still , Boeing went through its normal verbal gymnastics and played up the downside . 
Now , as election day nears , even some supporters wonder what he will do if he wins the mayoralty on Nov. 7 . 
They noted , however , that a 26-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average gave the dollar a sharp nudge downward late in the day . 
A department spokesman said the ruling `` raised a serious question '' about the office of the president . 
The bill would authorize courts to order the licenses as a condition of probation . 
Sales of medium and heavy-duty trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , vice chairman and chief financial and administrative officer . 
Then , there 's the S-Cargo , an offbeat delivery van with a snail-like body that inspired its name . 
Now UNESCO apologists are lobbying President Bush to renege on President Reagan 's decision to depart . 
The gain resulted from the sale of Grace Equipment Co. , the initial public offering of a one-sixth interest in Grace Energy Corp. and an adjustment in the carrying value of certain natural resource assets not part of Grace Energy . 
Long tax-exempt dollar bonds were mostly flat to 3\/8 point lower after a whipsaw session of moving inversely to stocks in modest dealer-led trading . 
Credit Agricole ( CNCA ) ( French ) -- $ 250 million of 8 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 21 , 1994 , priced at 101.80 to yield 8.77 % annually less full fees , via IBJ International Ltd . 
Sen. Packwood has offered his capital-gains-cut package as an amendment to a bill , now pending in the Senate , that would authorize aid to Poland and Hungary . 
The San Francisco-based telecommunications company said it carries $ 150 million of earthquake insurance with a $ 10 million deductible provision . 
Mobil Corp. is in the process of vacating its headquarters here , and huge operations like J.C. Penney & Co. and Trans World Airlines have recently left . 
Within six years many figures were convicted for their illegal abuse of Franklin funds . 
Congress closed this loophole last year , or thought it did . 
Each company worries that the other is becoming too powerful and too vertically integrated . 
His more is always less . 
By a 325-92 margin , the Appropriations Committee leadership beat back an early challenge by House Banking Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) to the FHA provision . 
For buyers , `` these are career-risking decisions , '' says Jean Conlin , who supervises a network of Wang computers in the admissions department at Boston University . 
Upon privatization , National Power will be responsible for 70 % of the country 's power generating business . 
Few now recall the actual outcome : Scopes was convicted and fined $ 100 , and his conviction was reversed on appeal because the fine was excessive under Tennessee law . 
Ronald J. Taylor , 48 , was named chairman of this insurance firm 's reinsurance brokerage group and its major unit , G.L. Hodson & Son Inc . 
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons . 
That 's easy for him to say : CBS 's four-year NBA pact , now at $ 176 million for four years , could double in price by the time his talks with Mr. Pilson are completed later this month . 
Average yields on CDs aimed at individual investors fell less than half as much as yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction . 
Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs ( $ 296.95 ) each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year . 
Suppose an investor wants to sell a stock , but not for less than $ 55 . 
What happened ? 
In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April . 
In the year-ago period , the company had profit of $ 34.3 million , or $ 1.32 a share . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 135.9 million shares . 
Their $ 700 million-plus in estimated paper losses easily tops the $ 400 million in paper losses the takeover traders , known as arbitragers , suffered in 1982 when Gulf Oil Co. dropped a $ 4.8 billion offer for Cities Service Co . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 250 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 11 classes by Morgan Stanley . 
And the potential market is tremendous , industry experts say . 
The two companies later agreed to settle for $ 95 million . 
The offering , Series 1989-3 , is by a company established by First Boston for issuing Remics and other derivative mortgage securities . 
The suit , filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan , seeks class-action status . 
The $ 17.2 billion total for the bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.2 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds approved by the House-Senate conference yesterday , and the rush of money is already provoking jealousy among states competing for assistance . 
Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn . 
The American depositary receipts of Jaguar jumped 3\/8 to 11 5\/8 on turnover of 1.9 million . 
`` We expect next year to be a fairly soft year in newspaper-industry advertising , '' said John Morton , an analyst for Lynch , Jones & Ryan . 
Mr. Breeden instructed SEC staffers to inform the network that it was airing the wrong number . 
Tokyu executives were n't available for comment early Thursday morning in Tokyo . 
According to the proxy statement , James E. Cayne , 55 , Bear Stearns 's president , made $ 3.9 million ; an executive vice president , Michael L. Tarnopol , 53 , made nearly $ 3.4 million ; and two executive vice presidents , Vincent J. Mattone , 44 , and William J. Michaelcheck , 42 , made about $ 3.3 million each . 
Consumer Durables : Automobiles , appliances , furniture . 
The Fed said the Comptroller of the Currency is expected to begin a Community Reinvestment Act examination of First Union 's Florida and North Carolina banking units in the next two weeks . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Norwood said it 's part of a group that holds 525,546 Phoenix Technologies common shares , or a 5.3 % stake . 
Since the China crisis erupted , Mr. Mushkat says , the scenario as depicted by the middle-of-the-road group bears a remarkable resemblance to the difficulties Hong Kong currently faces . 
Their 85 total bases broke a record for a four-game set , and their nine home runs tied one . 
Any sale of Intelogic could have an impact on the battle between Mr. Edelman and New York attorney Martin Ackerman for control of Datapoint . 
The Italian-led scientific team said they had succeeded in getting bacteria to produce a non-toxic version of the pertussis toxin , which could be used as a safe vaccine . 
Oppenheimer Capital has about 7.9 million limited partnership units outstanding . 
`` That 's put some oomph back into this market , '' said Peter VandenBerg , a vice president of equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Eagle 's management retired and Biny 's management took control of the company . 
He predicted that PWA would have little difficulty attracting prospective buyers . 
Mexico , with its desperate need for investment , and Japan , with its huge budget surplus , would seem like a perfect match . 
Because these freshmen placed far more emphasis on their partisan role -- spreading the Reagan revolution -- in national policy making , they were more vulnerable to defeat . 
Oils and fats also did well , posting a 5.3 % sales increase . 
Mr. Paul claims to have sold three paintings , at more than a 10 % profit . 
The Northeast and West regions were unchanged . 
`` Newport Beach is known in Rhode Island for having a lot of rich people . '' 
He ca n't guarantee that he can use it any better . '' 
In the fiscal first period ended Aug. 31 , profit fell 54 % to $ 30.4 million , or 58 cents a share , mostly because of the Tiger merger , Federal says . 
The board said Mr. Drabinsky and Vice Chairman Myron Gottlieb are negotiating financing before offering C$ 16.40 a share to acquire all of Cineplex 's shares outstanding . 
Estimates on how much pulp prices will fall next year currently run between $ 150 and $ 250 a metric ton . 
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems . 
Tokyo stocks closed easier for the second consecutive day , finishing at the intraday low on index-linked investment trust fund selling toward the end of the afternoon session . 
Ajinomoto predicted sales in the current fiscal year ending next March 31 of 480 billion yen , compared with 460.05 billion yen in fiscal 1989 . 
Then I remembered the quake of '71 , which I experienced in Santa Barbara in a second-story motel room . 
Chevrolet buyers can take the rebate , or get discount financing at rates ranging from 6.9 % on 24-month loans to 10.9 % on 60-month loans . 
That acquisition could further dilute earnings per share this year , the company spokeswoman said . 
In addition to an 18 % stake in the Veslefrikk offshore field , the Norwegian unit has interests ranging from 10 % to 25 % in three other Norwegian oil and gas production licenses . 
Northgate said it will own about 50 % of the equity and 81 % of the votes of ABM after the amalgamation . 
But so far , most potential participants have n't decided . 
The institute said that , excluding semifinished steel products , year-to-date imports represented 15.2 % of consumption , compared with a permitted maximum of 18.5 % . 
Santa Fe has disclosed that it is negotiating to sell a 20 % interest in its real estate unit to the California Public Employees Retirement System for roughly $ 400 million . 
Under the proposal by Equitec , a financially troubled real-estate syndicator , New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership 's general partner and manager . 
Oh , that terrible Mr. Ortega . 
AN OIL COMPANY finds a sideline in the microscopic world of yeast . 
He made his comments before House Banking Committee hearings to investigate what appears to be the biggest thrift disaster in a scandal-ridden industry . 
4:02 a.m . 
For example , China 's hard-currency income is expected to suffer from the big drop in tourist arrivals since June 4 . 
With more than 300 billion rubles in savings accounts and little to spend them on , Soviet consumers grumble at the exorbitant black-market prices for such goods -- but they buy them anyway . 
Labor costs climbed 1.2 % in private industry during the third quarter , matching the second-quarter rise . 
Because of their longstanding rivalry , GM just `` wants to make sure Ford pays a huge packet for ( Jaguar ) , '' said John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute . 
Treasury bonds ended narrowly mixed in quiet trading . 
Merrill 's index arbitragers will continue to do other kinds of computer-assisted program trading , so there probably wo n't be any layoffs at the firm , people familiar with Merrill 's program operation said . 
Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire proposes a complex financial package to satisfy creditors and shareholders and also proposes a formula to limit rate increases to satisfy the state . 
FORD MOTOR CO. , Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker , annual sales of $ 92.4 billion , NYSE , said its three Ford Aerospace unit facilities in the Bay area , including a satellite-assembly operation in Palo Alto , had no major damage . 
Many plants that used to make military equipment are now being ordered to produce televisions , videocassette recorders , small tractors and food-processing machinery . 
Called Task Broker , the program acts something like an auctioneer among a group of computers wired together . 
From the fee , the local phone company and the long-distance carrier extract their costs to carry the call , passing the rest of the money to the originator , which must cover advertising and other costs . 
Investors poured $ 2.8 billion more into money-market mutual funds in the latest week despite further declines in yields . 
While Polish data have been freely available since 1980 , it was no accident that participants urged the free flow of information . 
`` There 's nothing that says that people at Harvard Business school have to agree with each other , '' said Mr. Buzzell . 
Failure of U.S. equipment makers , IBM fears , would leave it dependent on many of the Japanese companies that compete with it in other parts of the market . 
Of like , though lesser , note , Secretary of State James Baker put the administration four-square behind perestroika and glasnost , and therefore behind Mikhail Gorbachev , in a pair of carefully reasoned speeches over the past week or so . 
On a video screen , riders can see 30 different `` rides , '' including urban , mountain and desert scenes , and check how many calories are burned a minute . 
The spot dislocations that showed up were largely the result of confusion ( much of it in Washington ) , though that was cold comfort for drivers waiting in mile-long lines at the gas pumps . 
Columbia announced the results after the close of the stock market . 
At closing time , farmers cart out most of what they carted in . 
He might have added an interesting historical fact : The last Series sweep , by the Cincinnati Reds , came in 1976 , which also was the first year of baseball player free agency . 
The DAX index closed at 1472.76 , up from 1466.29 . 
But by Mr. Granville 's count , 493 issues were within one point of such lows . 
A majority of Japanese banks are said to be wary of making new loans to Mexico under the Brady plan because they 're uncertain the Mexican economy will remain stable . 
But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the exchange verged on collapse , and the stock and futures markets in Hong Kong were closed for four days . 
Nestle S.A. is based in Vevey , Switzerland . 
Moreover , the number of people who spontaneously cited lower prices as the reason for their interest in Sears declined to 16 % in September from 33 % in March . 
A spokeswoman said shipments of truck engines , which provide a higher margin than most of the company 's other products , declined 16 % from a year earlier . 
EMPLOYEE MANUALS : 
Though it 's clearly Max 's wife who held sway here until her death , now none of the other male residents of this misbegotten household can challenge Max . 
Mr. Briscoe , who also forecasts a # 1.3 billion current account gap , warns that even if the trade figures are bullish for sterling , the currency wo n't advance much because investors will want to see further evidence of the turnaround before adjusting positions . 
So says the Commonwealth Fund , a New York philanthropist that 's sponsoring a $ 1 million project to develop joint masters in business and nursing programs at 10 universities ... . 
Ad Notes ... . 
By accounting definitions , this had to produce a sudden trade deficit . 
`` We kind of got caught between bureaucracies , '' says President William F. Brooks Jr . 
Since Mr. Shevardnadze did not address this topic before the Supreme Soviet , the Soviet Union 's official position remains that the anthrax deaths were caused by tainted meat . 
Companies planning to go public `` are definitely taking a second look , '' says Allen Hadhazy , senior analyst at the Institute for Econometric Research , Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , which publishes the New Issues newsletter on IPOs . 
Because of those concerns , some manufacturers say they will ask for letters of credit before shipping spring merchandise . 
Mr. Gelbart also has fun with language . 
Some delays have been caused by a shortage of micoprocessors -- notably Intel Corp. 's newest chip , the 486 -- but others apparently have been caused by Dell 's explosive growth and thinly stretched resources . 
The larger parallel after the earthquake centered south of San Francisco is surely with the state of the U.S. economy . 
Barry Frank , the agent who took Mr. Pilson to lunch last March , says that even if CBS loses , say , $ 10 million , it matters little . 
The authors , from Boston 's Beth Israel Hospital , say that 84 % of the 50 births they followed occurred after only two in vitro cycles . 
Federal Express and Flying Tiger , as separate companies , carried a combined 2.6 million tons . 
For years the five New York exchanges have been talking about cooperating in various aspects of their business in order to improve the efficiency of their operations . 
Fear of alienating that judge is pervasive , says Maurice Geiger , founder and director of the Rural Justice Center in Montpelier , Vt. , a public interest group that researches rural justice issues . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year . 
Mr. Asman is also annoyed that Mr. Castro has resisted collaboration with U.S. officials , even though by his own account that collaboration has been devised essentially as a mechanism for acts directly hostile to the Cuban regime , such as facilitating defections . 
The # 76.6 million ( $ 120.6 million ) in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was down from # 160 million ( $ 252 million ) a year earlier and below market expectations of # 80 million and # 90 million . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
A pilot representing a group of 220 pilots hired during United 's 1985 strike filed suit Friday in Chicago federal court to block the takeover . 
`` There 's a lot of uncertainty out there , and it will cause a lot of swings , '' he said . 
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country . 
Seagram asks customers to buy only two or three bottles over a 12-month period , says Richard Shaw , vice president of U.S. direct marketing . 
A few years ago , State Farm , the nation 's largest home insurer , stopped buying reinsurance because no one carrier could provide all the coverage that it needed and the company found it cheaper to self-reinsure . 
When the fertilized cells divide to eight cells , a single cell from each embryo can be tested for genetic defects . 
One thing 's for sure : There have been a ton of them , and greater beings than the editors of the National Enquirer have shown interest . 
In fact , they seemed a mite resentful . 
A few months ago your paper reported the results of a study to determine why Asians who arrive in this country without any money , and unable to speak English , become overnight successes . 
Under terms of the three-year contract , Martin Marietta said it will make and install 267 of the new machines at 156 postal offices . 
`` It 's made me more committed to CBS , '' says Philip A. Jones , the president of Meredith Corp. 's broadcast group , which has two CBS affiliates . 
Bancroft Convertible Fund Inc. , New York , likely will reject a renewed offer from Florida investor Robert I. Green to buy Bancroft for $ 18.95 a share . 
( Trouble is , Mr. Bond has yet to pay up , and until he does , Sotheby 's has the painting under lock and key . ) 
That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from federal income tax -- and from state and local taxes too , for in-state investors . 
Another former EPA official , Rita Lavelle , is still struggling after her conviction in 1983 on perjury charges . 
In November 1987 , Sotheby 's essentially offered a Wall Street-style `` bridge loan '' of about $ 27 million to Australian businessman Alan Bond to enable him to purchase Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' for $ 53.9 million . 
`` Power names like that do n't hurt the city 's reputation , '' Mr. Miller says . 
Yet , all these issues are subsidiary to a more central issue : Who is and who should be making the criminal law here ? 
City officials feared widespread gridlock on the first day that normal business operations were resumed following last Tuesday 's earthquake . 
As a result , the Japanese people did n't know what to expect when the new law was introduced on April 1 . 
Hambros rose 5 to 204 , and Schroders rose 25 to # 12.75 . 
Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , and has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more . 
Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill . 
`` One case of cancer or a high-risk pregnancy with a sick infant , and rates go up 40 % to 60 % . 
She was in her most radiant , expressive voice . 
They lied to me on the recruiting trip . 
Leaving the exchange at about 5 p.m. , the Jacobson specialists made no predictions about how trading might go today . 
But other Bush administration officials have criticized Maryland Gov. William Schaefer for blocking the use of possible sites in that state . 
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement . 
Over the weekend Fossett Corp. , another options trading firm , transferred the clearing accounts of about 160 traders to First Options of Chicago , a unit of Continental Bank Corp. , because it could n't meet regulatory capital requirements after Friday 's market slide . 
Winners of the friendly competition earn a steak dinner out with their spouses . 
Our view is that given Congress 's attitude toward HUD , the place probably is beyond reform . 
The accident was caused by faulty operation of a valve . 
Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
`` It 's very costly and time-consuming , '' says Phil Rosen , a partner in Fleet & Leasing Management Inc. , a Boston car-leasing company . 
On the Milan stock exchange , Nuovo Banco 's shares jumped to 4,830 lire each from 4,695 lire Friday . 
Jeffrey Coors , 44 years old , had been president since 1985 , when he succeeded his father Joseph in the job . 
Ford is willing to bid for 100 % of Jaguar 's shares if both the government and Jaguar shareholders agree to relax the anti-takeover barrier prematurely . 
It is public relations of the highest sophistication , that recognizes that credibility is enhanced by honesty -- up to a point . 
But when the market moves against the fund , investors lose more than other junk holders because the market decline is magnified by the amount the fund is leveraged . 
During his tenure , Mr. Corr attempted through a series of meetings to inform managers of some of the company 's future plans , traveled widely to talk to employees and backed training sessions designed to improve the carrier 's image . 
Referring to Mr. Bennett 's claim that the federal government would provide $ 97 million in emergency federal support , Ms. Thompson wrote , `` Our analysis was unable to even come close to documenting that figure . '' 
Yesterday , for example , `` the durable goods numbers came out for September and the number was down only 0.1 % , '' she said . 
`` The board has stated repeatedly that Rubbermaid should be independent , '' said Walter W. Williams , Rubbermaid president . 
The plan thus places a large new affirmative-action program , based on `` socioeconomic disadvantage , '' on top of the existing program based on race . 
But interest waned as the day wore on and investors looked ahead to the release later this week of two important economic reports . 
Creative accounting is a hallmark of federal credit . 
This starts in the construction phase through the use of minority contractors and local workers . 
Harry Schwartz , a soft commodity specialist for Cargill Investors Services in New York , said the only report Ghana has issued about the arrival of cocoa from the interior was for 7,839 metric tons as of Oct. 12 . 
Honecker , who was reported ill following gall-bladder surgery in August , said he was resigning for health reasons . 
Many big Wall Street brokerage firms who eliminated their research effort in stocks of emerging growth companies a few years ago are now resuming coverage of this area , he notes . 
Most say they plan to spend more on factory equipment in 1990 than in 1989 . 
`` The cost of health care is eroding standards of living and sapping industrial strength , '' complains Walter Maher , a Chrysler health-and-benefits specialist . 
Paul Asquith , associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management , citing a pattern of junk-bond default rates that are low in the early years after issuance and rise later , says , `` We 're now in a period where we 're starting to see defaults from the big issue years of 1984 to 1986 . '' 
Union Carbide , whose third-quarter earnings dropped about 35 % from a year earlier and fell short of analysts ' expectations , declined 1\/2 to 24 1\/2 . 
`` There 's just too much silver around , '' says Tom Butler , an analyst at Samuel Montagu & Co. , a London bullion house . 
Rep. Neal 's bill originally called on the Fed to reduce the inflation rate by one percentage point a year for five years and to maintain a zero inflation rate thereafter . 
ONCE YOU MAKE UP your mind about an investment , the rest is easy , right ? 
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . '' 
The rise resulted from the transfer to non-accrual status of $ 96 million `` owed by two national borrowers and one local commercial real-estate customer , '' First Fidelity said . 
The result is that instead of the Pentagon 's proposed split of 60-40 between domestic and foreign bases , the reduced funding is distributed by a ratio of approximately 70-30 . 
Volume totaled 10,450,000 shares . 
Fredric Russell , a money manager in Tulsa , Okla. , says Friday 's cave-in `` is going to have more of a permanent impact on the psyche of many investors than Wall Street would want to admit . '' 
He added that Petco remained in compliance with all industry capital requirements during the market 's rapid plunge Friday and Monday 's rebound . 
Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $ 71.9 billion , up 36 % from $ 52.9 billion a year earlier , the company added . 
A side porch was ripped away . 
A rash of one-time charges left Ashland Oil with a loss of $ 39 million for its fiscal fourth quarter . 
Manufacturers Hanover said that excluding the addition to its reserves , certain tax benefits , and a one-time $ 16 million gain on the sale of an interest in a foreign leasing company , third-quarter earnings were $ 75 million . 
Kofcoh is a New York holding company for Rosalco Inc. , which imports furniture and other items . 
We even invited the public to stop by and see the program , but there was n't much interest . '' 
On a fully diluted basis , the two raised their stake to 68 % from 51 % . 
He said he was surprised by the EC 's reaction , calling it `` vehement , even frenetic . '' 
As he sums it up : `` We are listening to the market . '' 
Just last week , a House Ways and Means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting to hear the pleas of individual cities , companies and interest groups who want to open their own special loopholes . 
When financial professionals measure risk mathematically , they usually focus on the volatility of short-term returns . 
In the Missouri case , unforeseen consequences may have arisen because the high court reinstated the preamble of the state 's 1986 abortion law . 
The current debt limit expires Oct. 31 . 
In Cupertino , Calif. , Apple said that it believes the case has no merit , and that HyperCard does not infringe `` any valid claims '' of the Quickview patents . 
Mr. Maynard recently fell from a horse and fractured his arm . 
You 're probably right , and you are n't alone . 
The only permanent losers will be the 200,000 or so workers everyone agrees will be priced out of a job at the $ 4.25 rate Congress is likely to approve today . 
( listening ) `` Yeah . 
Silicon Graphics ' strategy seems to be paying off . 
One person familiar with UAL said the unsettled labor situation and the uncertain world-wide financial markets contributed to the board 's decision to avoid `` rushing around selling the company at a bargain price , '' particularly since it accepted a $ 300-a-share offer just last month . 
He had been group vice president of the electronic-publishing group . 
Warner , in its court filings , calls it `` a piece of fiction created for this litigation . '' 
Still , complete and total segregation remains elusive . 
Our view is that we may see a profit decline . '' 
He says that when Dan Dorfman , a financial columnist with USA Today , has n't returned his phone calls , he leaves messages with Mr. Dorfman 's office saying that he has an important story on Donald Trump , Meshulam Riklis or Marvin Davis . 
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion . 
Chairman Edward L. Hennessy Jr. said that a drop in sales of auto and truck parts contributed to lower earnings in the automotive unit . 
The president apparently will have only one bill to push , Sen. Packwood 's , and at least some of the dissident Democrats plan to support it . 
\* Not counting dividends 
Last week Control Data reported third-quarter earnings of $ 9.8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 763 million . 
However , Mr. Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline . 
International Minerals & Chemical Corp. said it agreed definitively to sell its international fragrance business to Bayer AG of West Germany . 
In over-the-counter trading yesterday , Benjamin Franklin rose 25 cents to $ 4.25 . 
Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % . 
It also has removed a ban on CIA use of a contingency fund for covert acts and has agreed to wipe away some tortured and legalistic restrictions on coup planning put in place to ensure that the CIA did n't get back in the assassination game . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Every major maker offers computers with color displays . 
Mr. Canelo suggests that investors compare price\/earnings ratios ( the price of a share of stock divided by a company 's per-share earnings for a 12-month period ) with projected growth rates . 
In one way , the psyllium middlemen -- the buyers and exporters -- are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves . 
A definitive agreement had been expected by the end of July . 
Today , with business activity in Hong Kong staggering along at an uneven pace , the economy itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear . 
Judges Miner and Altimari do not appear to have a clue . 
Putnam Investment Grade Municipal Trust , Boston , was listed with the symbol PGM . 
While other mines might yield more carats , a higher percentage of them go to industrial use . 
But the strategy is n't helping much this time . 
She thinks a recovery in the stock market would help copper rebound as well . 
But with inflation raging , grain in the barn will still be a safer bet for the private farmer than money in the bank . 
At age eight , Josephine Baker was sent by her mother to a white woman 's house to do chores in exchange for meals and a place to sleep -- a place in the basement with the coal . 
`` I assume those accounts are closed , '' says Mr. Smalling , referring to the accounts of the canceled checks . 
Air & Water , which provides environmental services and systems , paid about 1.4 million of its shares for Falcon . 
The studies are on exhibit at Harvard this month and will travel to Chicago 's Institute of Design and the University of California at Berkeley . 
Both Warner and Sony declined to comment on the terms of the settlement discussions . 
In fighting USAir , Mr. Steinhardt was pitted against another investor , billionnaire Warren Buffett , who bought into USAir to help fend off Mr. Steinhardt . 
Kemper Financial Services Inc. , charging that program trading is ruining the stock market , cut off four big Wall Street firms from doing any of its stock-trading business . 
To hamper the work of litigation scientists , he suggests that courts sharply limit the number of jurors that lawyers can remove from the jury panel through so-called peremptory challenges -- exclusions that do n't require explanations . 
In the Treasury market , analysts expect bond prices to trade in narrow ranges this week as the market takes in positive and negative news . 
The Ministry of Finance , as a result , has proposed a series of measures that would restrict business investment in real estate even more tightly than restrictions aimed at individuals . 
Future witnesses include a former federal S&L regulator who has accused the five senators of attempting to `` subvert '' the regulatory process by intervening on behalf of Mr. Keating . 
A man in a wheelchair was gunned down in the crossfire of a Miami drug battle . 
Listeners turned to radios run on batteries for news when the San Francisco earthquake and Hurricane Hugo cut power lines . 
In a porous wicker basket . 
As she put it in a 1987 lecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design : `` I have designed a garden , not knowing the difference between a rhododendron and a tulip . '' 
Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as worker 's compensation insurance , burglary insurance for homeowners and businesses , and bankers ' liability insurance , competitors now underwrite most of that business . 
Computer Associates has carved out a huge business selling such software for use in managing networks of International Business Machines Corp. computers but needs to find new markets if it is to maintain its growth rate of 30 % and more each year . 
The report was the brightest news the financial markets had seen since before the stock market plunged more than 190 points last Friday . 
The accounts , which billed about $ 7 million last year , according to Leading National Advertisers , were previously handled at Bozell , New York . 
Honda Motor Co. , which continues to have short supplies of domestically made Accords , saw its sales of North American-built cars fall 14.1 % to 8,355 . 
`` Even if it 's only 1 % , '' says GM 's Mr. Barabba , `` would you throw away sales the size of Polaroid ? '' 
As a first-time candidate , he has been slow to learn the nuances of New York City politicking . 
In restaurants ( in this case , the Russian Samovar , a New York restaurant operated by and for Soviet emigres ) , she did n't want the chirpy , folkish music bouncing through the room . 
Cost and expenses for the quarter , excluding interest , increased 6.1 % to $ 333.3 million from $ 314 million the year before . 
But the pool of federal emergency-relief funds already is running low because of the heavy costs of cleaning up Hurricane Hugo , and Congress will be under pressure to allocate more money quickly . 
Friends pitched in . 
At the same time , a recent poll shows that Mrs. Thatcher has hit the lowest popularity rating of any British leader since polling began 50 years ago . 
And Genentech is n't likely to have any new products ready for market until at least 1992 , Ms. Gilbert added . 
But it 's likely that Sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee . 
`` We think it 's a step in the right direction for Bethlehem , '' said Felix Bello , WEFA Group 's international steel analyst . 
The market for reruns sold to local U.S. broadcasters has been weak for the past three or four seasons . 
Here , in an area smaller than a city block , lay buried traces of countless weird creatures that had frolicked more than 500 million years ago -- creatures whose anatomical variety far exceeded what can be found in all the world 's oceans today . 
Decisions by the Second Circuit itself , Judge Oakes continued , had recognized that public interest in the subject matter and the indispensability in particular cases of verbatim quotations are vital components of fair use . 
Mobil Corp. is in the midst of cutting back its exploration and production group , which finds and develops oil and gas reserves in the U.S. , by as much as 15 % as part of a new restructuring of that sector of its business . 
CHICAGO LAW FIRM recruits American Express Co. vice president : 
Commissions , however , account for a smaller share of investment-house business as takeover advisory fees have soared . 
( IBM won the case . ) 
But today , indexing is moving from a passive investment strategy to an increasingly active one . 
`` But the only way you can find out how your people are doing is by listening . '' 
Using a calculator and a unit-price guide for such jobs as painting , plumbing and roofing in each major region of the country , adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today 's market and what it would cost to rebuild it . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
`` The guys are being macho , and the girls are walking around in little things . 
Hewlett-Packard also called in its systems experts to restore its own computer operations . 
Sources said that meetings to discuss the staff reductions have been scheduled for Friday at Mobil offices in New Orleans and Denver . 
The FDA already requires drug manufacturers to include warnings with insulin products that symptoms of hypoglycemia are less pronounced with human insulin than with animal-based products . 
That 's the lesson offered through one case study featured in a design exhibit . 
The growing sales sustained by domestic demand failed to counter rising material metal costs and declining profitability in overseas construction , Furukawa said . 
The comments were the ministry 's first detailed public statement on the subject , and reflect the ministry 's concern that foreigners will think Japan is using its tremendous financial power to control events in foreign markets . 
In Beijing , meantime , China opened an international aviation show , but the West 's embargo on military deals and uncertainty about the nation 's stability kept many foreign exhibitors away . 
Mr. Thompson will have to face some of the consequences of those subpoenas . 
Stephen N. Wertheimer was named managing director and group head of investment banking in Asia , based in Tokyo . 
These critics are backed by several academic studies showing that the adoption of poison pills reduces shareholder values not merely in the short run , but also over longer periods . 
That 's the conventional theory anyway . 
`` I do n't think there 's a lot in the wings '' in other sectors of the economy to keep growth above 1 % , he said . 
Veterinary products are showing especially strong growth , Mr. Bergsma said . 
Yesterday , it received a $ 15 million , three-year contract from Drexel Burnham Lambert . 
In the third quarter , BSB earned $ 2 million , up from $ 1.8 million a year earlier . 
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September . 
That money also would have to be borrowed . 
Until now , its inability to form membership ties with organized labor has kept it from penetrating the lucrative New York metropolitan area construction market . 
But some dealers are negotiating looser terms , while others decline to deal at all . 
In the latest nine months , Mr. Hutchinson said , total coal sales rose to about 14.6 million tons from about 14.3 million tons a year earlier . 
His remarks were distributed to the press before Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson announced his resignation last evening . 
Explaining his change of mind , Mr. Straszheim says later , `` It 's hard to pin this on one factor . '' 
I do n't want to feel guilty representing my constituents . 
Keeping the listed price at a dollar is primarily a convenience . 
But when Mr. Maynard came forward with his machine in the early 1970s nobody else was offering them in the U.S. . 
The slip has come despite high-profile ads created by Wells Rich , including one picturing a young man clad only in pajama bottoms interrupting a festive brunch . 
-- During the 1970s the commercial banks lured the country loan business away from the bond markets where the discipline of a prospectus and `` Use of Proceeds '' confirmation allowed lenders to audit expenditures of old loans before new loans were made . 
Ms. Raptopoulos thought yesterday 's price action reflected weakness in the stock market and the dollar . 
For example , P&G up until now has n't sold coffee to airlines and does only limited business with hotels and large restaurant chains . 
Mr. Carlucci , 59 years old , served as defense secretary in the Reagan administration . 
Mr. Regan warned mayoral candidates `` to be prepared for limited options and constraints on service increases to address the city 's problems in the next few years , due to the now-evident weakening in the New York City economy . '' 
Chemical Waste Management Inc. , proposed global offering of 8,500,000 shares of common stock , of which seven million of the shares will be offered in the U.S. and 1,500,000 shares will be offered overseas , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ( domestic ) and Kidder , Peabody & Co . ( international ) . 
Mr. North remains in heavy demand as a speaker , for fees reported in the $ 20,000 range . 
On Friday , the yield was quoted at about 1\/4 percentage point higher than the benchmark bond , an indication of weak demand . 
`` It just makes healthy businesses subsidize unhealthy ones and gives each employer less incentive to keep his workers healthy . '' 
Now the White House is declaring that he might not rely on Congress -- which has n't shown any willingness to surrender such authority -- to pass the line-item veto law he seeks . 
FEAR OF AIDS hinders hiring at few hospitals . 
A similar proposal may be introduced soon by Senate Democrats . 
No power , minimal phones , and a mess of mayonnaise , wine , and everything else all over the floors of the big old general store and the People 's Co-op . 
The last time parties to these settlements negotiated wage increases , mostly in 1986 or 1987 , wages increased an average of 2.4 % a year over the life of the contracts . 
Under the rules , traders decide before a session begins whether they will trade for their own account or for customers . 
The rise of superintendents such as Joseph Fernandez and Ted Kimbrough suggests plainly the process of disintegration in many school systems . 
`` Eight years I 've had it . 
Frank plans the program , takes care of business , and approaches the work like any other job . 
The great collectors we depended on , such as Paul Mellon or Norton Simon , have stopped buying , and the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in the stock market or in takeovers and rushed into collecting ... . '' 
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week . 
Other possibilities include a child-care initiative and an increase in the minimum wage . 
Mr. Carder also goes through periods when he buys stocks in conjunction with options to boost returns and protect against declines . 
The MiniScribe report outlines a host of allegedly fraudulent practices , including the shipment of bricks and defective disk drives that were booked as sales , and inventory forgeries in accounting records . 
`` If you want more opinions ask my wife . 
Meanwhile , for the second straight day , the bond market paid little attention to the Federal Reserve 's open market operations . 
With Japan running enormous trade surpluses against much of the world , they think that Japan should meet the increased domestic demand by importing more . 
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals . 
In the industrial-gases segment , operating profit climbed to $ 87 million from $ 58 million . 
Among the 30 Dow industrials , they bought McDonald 's , Coca-Cola Co. and Procter & Gamble and sold Aluminum Co. of America . 
Japan 's biggest women 's underwear maker , Wacoal Corp. , said that it developed a sports car that it plans to market in two years . 
Office Market Weakens In Overbuilt Northeast 
As the Met discovered years ago following a belated December opening , it is nearly impossible to recapture subscribers once they have had time to ponder their entertainment choices . 
More important are what LSI calls `` psychological anchors '' -- a few focal points calculated to appeal to the jury on a gut level . 
Depositary shares are convertible into common stock on a 1-to-1 basis . 
The advance felt more like a technical bounce , he said . 
Avondale Industries Inc. , New Orleans , received a $ 23 million contract from the Navy to enlarge by 50 % the capacity of an auxiliary oiler . 
Some even see a silver lining in the dark clouds . 
TIMES SQUARE development opponents are dealt setback . 
The state quit shoving peasants onto its subsidized farms over 30 years ago . 
Universities can now buy a Next computer without an optical storage device for $ 4,995 . 
The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products . 
$ 200 million of general obligation tax revenue anticipation notes , Series 1990 , due Sept. 28 , 1990 . 
`` I did n't expect it to be this quiet . 
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . '' 
Britain 's 11 3\/4 % Treasury bond due 2003\/2007 rose 17\/32 to 112 6\/32 to yield 10.05 % , while the 12 % notes due 1995 rose 11\/32 to 104 2\/32 to yield 10.93 % . 
He plugged the contest on Larry King 's radio show , on Pat Sajak 's television show and on the C-SPAN cable television network . 
6:50 a.m . 
Stokely says stores revive specials like three cans of peas for 99 cents . 
( General obligation bonds are backed by the city 's overall revenues and credit . ) 
Other winners included real estate issues Mitsubishi Estate , which closed at 2,500 , up 130 , and Mitsui Real Estate Development , which gained 100 to 2,890 . 
The resulting firm prices and stability `` will allow both producers and consumers to plan confidently , '' says Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Hisham Nazer . 
This kind of jumpy uncertainty reminds John Calverley , senior economist for American Express Bank , of the 1969-72 period , when the industrial average rolled through huge ranges and investors flocked to the shares of companies with proven earnings records , which became known as the `` nifty 50 . '' 
It has some of the highest costs in the league . 
DEFERRED ANNUITIES : 
In return , the Senate panel has dropped efforts to enact legislation requiring the administration to inform it within 48 hours of the launching of any covert activity . 
That individual was n't identified . 
`` I think it 's to Fox 's advantage to be associated with the Paramount-MCA venture , '' said Michael Conway , station manager of WTXF , the TVX station that is a Fox affiliate . 
MCA said it expects the proposed transaction to be completed `` no later than Nov. 10 . 
It is the stuff of dreams , but also of traumas . 
Moreover , the opportunity to sell steel at a price acceptable to USX may be gone , for now . 
Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 3\/4 % , he said the response will help determine future debt-reduction efforts . 
I was amused to read your recent news stories on the banking industry 's reserve additions and concomitant threats to cease making new loans to less-developed countries . 
( In auto advertising , however , items such as wheelbases are still described in inches . ) 
It has been rightly observed that the main thing wrong with tainted money is , t' ai nt enough of it . 
Intelogic was spun off from Datapoint four years ago , shortly after Mr. Edelman took control of Datapoint . 
As the largest holder of acquisition preferred units , Mesa Limited Partnership would own about 28 % of Edisto after the transaction . 
Mr. Engelken was doing the same across the Hudson River in New Jersey , where , with his nose pressed against the front window of the Passaic-Clifton National Bank , he watched the duel on a television set the bank set up for the event . 
But Mexico urgently needs more help . 
This is a fact and not the product of some environmental doomsayer or a group 's ploy to create a market . 
Paramount Communications , which completed the $ 3.35 billion sale of its Associates Corp . financial-services unit to Ford Motor , gained 1 1\/8 to 55 7\/8 after losing one point Monday amid rumors of a delay . 
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said . 
`` There 's nothing in here that 's horrible and nothing to make you think they 're setting the world on fire , '' said Carole Berger , analyst for C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc . 
L.J. Hooker , based in Atlanta , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection earlier this year . 
The issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 70 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
Gold tried to rally on Monday but ran into the same situation that has subdued gold prices for more than a year : selling by gold producers , who want to fix the highest possible price for their gold . 
It also had $ 479.7 million of past-due loans ; its level of reserves against those was n't immediately available , though it is believed to be small . 
Georgia Pacific Corp. , up $ 1.25 to $ 58 , and Maxxam Inc. , up $ 3 to $ 43.75 , both reported strong profits . 
Without legal recourse , there are no guarantees of civil rights for anyone . 
Later , Nissan borrowed other Honda practices , including an engineering `` idea contest '' to promote inventiveness . 
`` But if you support him over rape victims , this may be your last term . '' 
Instead , he should listen to see how that criticism can be used constructively to advance his objective of carrying out a set of tasks through the efforts of his subordinates . 
Charles A. Donohoo , sole proprieter of a Louisville , Ky. , demolition company , was found guilty of violating the Superfund law as well as the Clean Air Act . 
And do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were . 
He was further questioned to determine if he was `` a real working man or an exploiter . '' 
This is how American women won the right to vote . 
-- Give the EPA more flexibility to declare a pesticide an imminent hazard and pull it from the marketplace . 
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F-15 weapons system trainer . 
At a time when most analysts and industry consultants say pulp and paper prices are heading for a dive , adding capacity and debt could squeeze Georgia-Pacific if the industry declines more than the company expects . 
What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . '' 
The venture would be the latest in Coke 's rapid expansion of overseas investment . 
Exxon 's profitability , like that of many other oil companies , was hurt during the third quarter by declining returns from the chemicals and refining and marketing businesses . 
That 's a finding of a new study of the Justice Department by researchers at Syracuse University . 
The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . 
Stockholders may buy one share at the subscription price for every four shares of stock they own . 
But in 1989 most senators have other ideas . 
They have even sent helicopters in pursuit of bikers after hikers and equestrians complained they were being driven from trails . 
Revenue slipped 0.7 % to $ 395.3 million from $ 398.3 million . 
The 1988 results included a one-time gain . 
Recent changes in average annual age-specific lung-cancer rates per 100,000 population by race and sex . 
Leading up to the speech was a drumroll of economic statistics suggesting that the British war on inflation will be more bruising than previously assumed . 
Next he will be testing pictured embroidery ( called kalega ) made in the Far East . 
Today , he is publisher of Business Tokyo magazine , the first English-language business magazine devoted to coverage of Japanese business . 
Columbia , S.C . 
`` Because of distance , it takes a while for them to appreciate the economic stability we 've achieved , '' says one economic policymaker . 
Another major trick in making a portfolio recession-resistant is choosing stocks in `` defensive '' industries . 
Italian papers speculated the briefcase contained papers either exonerating the Vatican bank from blame in the scandal , or showing that the bank , known as the Istituto per le Opere di Religione , channeled funds to East bloc groups such as Solidarity in Poland . 
Boston Co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent , Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , which has relied heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions in recent years . 
Only a few other occupations have higher reported rates of criminal injury , such as police , bartenders and taxi drivers . 
`` The opposition can be the most hurt because everyone already figures the LDP is that kind of beast , '' says Shigezo Hayasaka , former aide to LDP kingmaker Kakuei Tanaka and now an independent analyst . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Mesa closed at $ 7.25 , up 25 cents . 
New York-based RJR Nabisco would n't say what it spends annually , but industry executives say it will spend more than $ 140 million this year , down from about $ 200 million last year . 
At the same time , the New Brunswick , N.J. , company said negotiations about pricing and volumes of product had collapsed between it and its exclusive distributor in the U.S. , National Medical Care Inc . 
Ironically , Tele-Communications and Time have often worked closely in the cable business . 
The Dinkins campaign paid Mr. Carson close to $ 10,000 to get out the vote on primary-election day . 
MGM Grand has agreed to buy a 117-acre site for the resort for $ 93 million in cash plus stock currently valued at nearly $ 30 million . 
The heavy buying in the last half hour led the specialists to take special steps . 
`` That 's the problem with trying to hedge too much , '' said Mr. Brouwer . 
`` The ultimate punishment , '' he declared , `` will protect the law-abiding from the vicious , cruel individuals who commit these crimes . '' 
As we streaked by a blase gendarme , I could n't resist rearing up on my soggy loafers and saluting . 
Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files and desks , and seating and office systems furniture . 
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long-term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer . 
-- Ivern Ball . 
Today investors will focus on the long-awaited auction of $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds by Resolution Funding Corp . 
`` This is a one-time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia-Pacific bid . 
Merksamer was the first in a series of retail acquisitions made by L.J. Hooker . 
Bruce Willis 's best attribute as an actor is his coy , lazy voice , and that 's all you get of him here , speaking for the baby . 
Unlike other writers who either battled the fascists during the Civil War , or left Spain when Franco triumphed , Mr. Cela fought briefly on the general 's side , no doubt earning with his war wound some forbearance when he went on to depict a country with a high population of vagabonds , murderers and rural idiots trudging aimlessly through a dried-out land . 
Goldman Sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues , raised its 1990 earnings estimate and recommended that its clients shift funds from Kellogg to General Mills . 
But CBS will put the athletes up against Bill Cosby , `` Cheers '' and other shows in NBC 's No. 1 schedule . 
The talks came as Lebanese negotiations on political changes appeared deadlocked . 
Toyota plans to raise Lexus exports when a new plant starts up next year . 
Eastern Reproduction Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of thin metal precision parts , must report to five federal and state agencies as well as to local fire , police , hospital and plumbing authorities , says Robert Maguire , president . 
Since this treasure chest is too big to fit in a bank vault , it has been turned into one . 
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week . 
The government also urged whites to refrain from panic over growing black protests , such as the massive anti-apartheid rally Sunday on the outskirts of Soweto . 
As the campaign hits the home stretch , however , voters still have very little idea what they can expect from him . 
A veteran of another financial crisis , the savings-and-loan bailout , Mr. Breeden wants to have the SEC regulate securities issued by banks and S&Ls . 
Most issues have been sold to professional money managers , pension funds , bank trust departments and other institutions . 
Dow Jones climbed 5 3\/4 to 41 on very heavy volume of 786,100 shares . 
Junk bonds ended about one-half point higher with so-called high-quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership rising one point . 
He did n't elaborate . 
But put her behind a shopping cart and she turns ruthless . 
It said debt remained at the $ 1.22 billion that has prevailed since early 1989 , although that compared with $ 911 million at Sept. 30 , 1988 . 
They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is a more comprehensive measure of inflation and is rising less rapidly than the producer-price index , or PPI , it could signal further easing by Fed . 
That 's just the beginning , '' he says . 
And foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about extending new loans because China is nearing a peak repayment period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years . 
`` But I would n't write off '' Sir James or other potential bidders . 
A three-judge panel of the court in Cincinnati made the ruling Saturday . 
Chevron 's net income fell 0.7 % , to $ 417 million , or $ 1.22 a share , from $ 420 million , or $ 1.23 a share . 
Barney Hallingby , managing director of research at Hambrecht & Quist , also believes earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors ' buying decisions . 
The current distribution arrangement ends in March 1990 , although Delmed said it will continue to provide some supplies of the peritoneal dialysis products to National Medical , the spokeswoman said . 
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum . 
Mr. McDonough is about to tackle his biggest clean-air challenge yet , the proposed Warsaw Trade Center in Poland , the first such center in Eastern Europe . 
Sapporo gained 80 to 1,920 and Kirin added 60 to 2,070 . 
The company also changed its dividend policy , under which holders had received an annual 10 cents-a-share payment , by declaring a four-cents-a-share dividend , to be paid quarterly on post-split shares . 
Instead , Valhi said , they may increase , decrease or retain their Lockheed holdings , depending on a number of conditions . 
Merrill has been the fourth-biggest stock-index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day . 
Mr. Bass is based in Fort Worth . 
Wall Street securities firms , `` the primary source of liquidity for the high yield market , '' have been net sellers of junk bonds because of trading losses , Deltec said in a recent , grim report to customers . 
The Pentagon is a haunted house . 
At 500 yen ( $ 3.60 ) for a handful of balls , pachinko is a common pastime , and has been since it took root as cheap entertainment in the years after World War II . 
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration . 
And IBM is n't expected to deliver a new generation of mainframes until 1991 . 
Ramon Garcia , the Asset Trust 's executive trustee , admits to what he calls `` temporary setbacks . '' 
Between 1985 and 1988 , sales multipled more than 10 times and pretax profit surged almost twelvefold . 
The study provided criteria for singling out returns of `` potentially noncompliant '' taxpayers who report low income and large expenses from a part-time business . 
The British economy is hardly the picture of health these days . 
It was the start of a boom in unfriendly , even ungentlemanly , mergers . 
Farmers in the Midwest and other areas have suffered , but those along the Mississippi continue to prosper with holdings that were built with the sweat of men and women living in economic slavery . 
The class-action suit highlights shortcomings of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Liability Fund , which gets its money from oil companies using the pipeline and compensates those harmed by oil spills . 
However , he said he planned to spend the weekend making calls to gather additional support . 
More troubling for Mr. Dinkins is his record in personal accounting . 
Douglas H. Miller , self-employed in the oil and gas securities business , was named chairman of this oil and gas exploration company , filling a vacancy . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Inland closed yesterday at $ 35.875 a share , down $ 1 . 
The association said domestic demand grew 8.8 % in September . 
For all historians and most journalists , this admission would have been sufficient to condemn the Malcolm articles . 
Strategy is not a game between the Pentagon and Congress ; it is the art of the possible in a world where constraints force us to choose between unpleasant or imperfect alternatives . 
But skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper . 
Americans are expected to conform to the Japanese culture when in Japan . 
Wang Laboratories Inc. , Lowell , Mass. , beset by declining demand for its computers , reported a $ 62.1 million , 38-cents-a-share loss in its first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
DLJ argues that TW could , if necessary , cut capital spending , since half of what it plans to spend is for `` growth , '' rather than maintenance . 
Decent life in the inner cities wo n't be restored unless the government reclaims the streets from the drug gangs . 
Revenue rose 2 % to $ 1.58 billion from $ 1.54 billion . 
Opponents do n't buy such arguments . 
Quebecor Class B stock closed at C$ 15.375 , up 62.5 Canadian cents . 
Clearly , some financial authorities are concerned about the Japanese banks role in leveraged buy-outs . 
First section volume was estimated at 900 million shares , up from 605 million Monday . 
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued . 
The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market . 
The walls shook ; the building rocked . 
Soon , only large corporations will be able to afford to buy and run football teams , predicts John J. Veatch Jr. , an investment banker with Salomon Brothers who handled the Cowboys sale . 
Company officials said over the weekend that Qintex Australia 's bank creditors have become concerned about a barrage of bad news at the company , including a failed US$ 1.5 billion plan to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co. , a Beverly Hills , Calif. , movie and television production concern . 
Australia 's National Companies and Securities Commission said it will allow S.A. Brewing to acquire an option on as much as 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp. that is in the process of acquiring Bond Corp. 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.93 billion ) . 
Because of the business-like manner in which the Bank goes about development , financial markets have confidence in it . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
In Brussels , it was the first trading day for most major shares since stocks tumbled on Wall Street Friday . 
The collection was at the heart of a grandiose plan Mr. Paul had in which the art was to do double duty -- as an investment for CenTrust and as decoration for the S&L 's new office tower , designed by I.M. Pei . 
Also excluded will be investments in companies with `` significant '' business stemming from weapons manufacture , alcoholic beverages or tobacco . 
Whitehall cited concerns about how long Integrated would be able to hold together the sales force as one reason its talks with Integrated failed . 
Novell , a computer networking concern , fell 1 1\/2 to 30 on 152,000 shares . 
`` Oh , yes . 
There is much speculation among attorneys not involved that the strategy of GAF 's attorney , Arthur Liman , and Mr. Sherwin 's counsel , Stephen Kaufman , will include testimony by Mr. Sherwin or Mr. Heyman . 
Its many lively stories include the Gutfreund-Postel holiday cheer imbroglio . 
The OTC market 's largest stocks soared as well , as the Nasdaq 100 Index jumped 10.01 , or 2 % , to 463.06 . 
Much of the business has gone to the institute , an association of more than 100 insurers , including Cigna Corp. , Allianz Versicherungs AG of West Germany and Britain 's Commercial Union Assurance PLC . 
The Milwaukee toy retailer said the agreement calls for Everything 's a Dollar holders to receive for their holdings a total of 354,600 newly issued Wisconsin Toy shares . 
An analyst called it one of the worst trade reports since the dollar bottomed out in 
`` A lot of people think I will give away the store , but I can assure you I will not , '' he says . 
Cuba has been suspended from OAS membership , but the organization 's members are discussing Cuba 's reinstatement . 
Big indexer Bankers Trust Co. also uses futures in a strategy that on average has added one percentage point to its enhanced fund 's returns . 
Last week , Budget Director Richard Darman structured the $ 16.1 billion spending reduction , half of which must come from defense , to `` impose a little bit more discipline '' by applying cuts to each individual program , project or activity in the budget . 
Amtech , which makes an automated process system that improves the yields of semiconductor manufacturers , said profit for the year ended Sept. 30 rose to more than $ 800,000 from $ 446,000 last year . 
That plan would leave existing preferred shareholders with at least a 41 % stake and give common shareholders as little as 13 % . 
Aetna Life & Casualty gained 1 3\/8 to 61 1\/8 , Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 64 3\/4 , Travelers added 1\/2 to 40 3\/8 and American International Group rose 3 1\/8 to 107 3\/4 . 
At the time , Quotron was reporting that the industrial average was down 70 points . 
The emergence of Russian corporatism had been anticipated in journalist George Urban 's introduction to a series of colloquies -- `` Can the Soviet System Survive Reform ? '' -- published this spring . 
So Mr. Moon is in retreat , refocusing on the Far East . 
Although the bidding group has n't had time to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks , it believes bank financing could be obtained . 
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint . 
For a brief time , the buy-out effort seemed to solve his problems with United 's pilot union . 
`` There are a lot more downward revisions of earnings forecasts than upward revisions , '' said Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert . 
The December contract reached its life-of-contract low of $ 975 a ton on Oct. 11 ; its lifetime high was $ 1,735 , set in 1988 , and its recent high was $ 1,368 , set in early August . 
Co-authors David Savageau and Richard Boyer , live in Gloucester , Mass. , and Asheville , N.C. , respectively . 
And when many firms had to `` pay up , '' Monday 's sudden rally was sparked . 
Several Big Board firms are organizing to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it . 
In response to questions after the annual meeting , Mr. Miller said the company is no longer looking for an equity investor . 
This doubled the mortgage interest rates of the many new homeowners that Mrs. Thatcher 's policies had created , producing widespread disaffection and pushing Labor ahead in the polls . 
He said he feared a Revco reorganization might force bondholders to accept a `` cheap deal , '' and that the Bass group 's offer would give them more money . 
Compared with the major economies on the Continent , the U.K. faces both higher inflation and lower growth in the next several months . 
The Akron , Ohio-based company said pretax operating income in its tire segment jumped about 31 % to $ 196.2 million from $ 150.2 million a year earlier , reflecting improvements in raw material costs , sales of replacement tires and pricing . 
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
The Consumer News and Business Channel cable network and U.S. News & World Report have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine . 
American Medical accepted the offer , meanwhile indicating it had heard from two other suitors . 
They also want U.S. trade policy to reflect the Pentagon and Commerce department 's concern over their future . 
`` The shareholders effectively will support the share price by clearing the share buy-back . '' 
Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 4-for-1 stock split paid earlier this month . 
On the same basis , revenue rose to $ 2.7 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
So far , Mr. Greenspan 's cautious approach to policy has served both him and the nation well . 
Production resumed yesterday . 
The payments are n't expected to have an impact on coming operating results , Linear added . 
Buying interest also resurfaced in the technology sector , including International Business Machines , whose board approved a $ 1 billion increase in its stock buy-back program . 
But as Judge Thomas M. Jenkins donned his robes so he could give final approval , the major earthquake struck , its epicenter not far from his courtroom in Redwood City , Calif . 
Charles Nathan , co-head of mergers and acquisitions at Salomon Brothers Inc. , says it is natural for banks to try to expand beyond their bread-and-butter business of providing senior debt for buy-outs . 
P&G 's U.S. shipments were up just 1 % , partly because the company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products to the fiscal second quarter . 
In Houston , we have seen how bad the housing problem can become . 
Leonard Bickwit , a Washington attorney for Lincoln 's parent corporation , said in an interview , `` We deny any criminal behavior by the association or its officers . '' 
`` It 's almost as if you 're doing extra work to give away the food , '' he says . 
Foothills ' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines . 
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti-takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions . 
Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists ' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen . 
But , they add that the mark 's strength is in part a reflection of a shift away from U.S. assets by Japanese investors into West German investments . 
`` If 135 is broken , some panic will be seen , '' he predicted , explaining that Japanese institutions are comfortable with the dollar anywhere between current levels and 135 yen . 
So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser and the recommendations of the Tower Commission , Gen. Scowcroft has pruned the NSC staff and tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence community ; serving as an honest broker in distilling that information for the president and then making sure presidential decisions are carried out . 
( Mr. Reich 's new `` Different Trains '' for string quartet uses the technique magisterially . ) 
Some $ 170 million of the $ 233 million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate , and roughly three-quarters of that was in the troubled New England market , according to Richard Driscoll , vice chairman . 
He said the recent decline in copper stocks was misleading in the face of a slowdown in manufacturing . 
There is a more descriptive word to describe his lapse of common sense . 
They looked at the miniature and saw a giant folly . 
The Big Board ca n't ban stock-index futures , of course , but it could ban use of its high-speed electronic trading system for program trading or at least encourage securities firms to back off . 
The two states and the state of Bavaria still hold a majority in MBB , but their stake will fall to around 30 % after Daimler-Benz acquires its stake in the concern . 
`` We are trying to increase our flexibility , '' says Ellen E. Terry , a vice president at Ostrander Capital Management , the fund 's investment adviser . 
Lawyers remain divided about whether anything is wrong with all this . 
Mario Mandina , president of Kansas City Lawyers for Life , says that if abortion foes succeed in using the preamble to escape prosecution for trespass , `` This will shut down abortion in Missouri . 
It argues , as does Unice , that labor relations are best left to be regulated at the national level . 
Royal , which makes and distributes business forms , owns an 8 % stake in Realist . 
Underwriters insist these issues are constructed to withstand extremely tough economic conditions . 
That and other fancy gizmos may cost thousands , but simple voice-activated tape recorders sell for as little as $ 70 at electronics stores like Radio Shack . 
As part of his image polishing , Mr. Krenz is expected to take modest steps toward reform to rebuild confidence among the people and reassert the party 's authority . 
Sen. Dixon held the hearing to follow up on a provision in the savings and loan bailout bill that required regulators to report on evidence of discimination in mortgage lending . 
The Amex Market Value Index fell 1.25 to 375.16 . 
Price wars between the fast-food giants are starting to clobber the fast-food little guys : the franchisees . 
Like the others , it is loaded with rye , wheat and oats in sacks labeled `` Asbestos . Made in U.S.S.R . '' 
He showed an unbroken , still-ticking pocket watch that he retrieved for one woman . 
`` We wo n't comment on them . '' 
At the end of the third quarter McDonald 's had 10,873 units operating world-wide . 
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) . 
China could exhaust its foreign-exchange reserves as early as next year , a Western government report says , unless imports are cut drastically to help narrow the balance-of-payments deficit . 
There is a recognizable musical style here , but not a particular performance style . 
And when any component of the market -- cash , futures or options -- loses liquidity , the price discovery system ( the way prices are determined ) becomes flawed or is lost entirely for a time . 
At the same time , a small group of Senate Democrats are working on a similar plan and may introduce it soon . 
`` No wonder the competition 's green with envy , '' the announcer says . 
Jerome Grossman , chairman of the panel , agrees that administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high . 
In 1982 , he started a factory in Greece . 
Revenue and sales increased 7.5 % to $ 423.9 million from $ 394.4 million a year earlier . 
Growing public fears about the Soviet environment is one new factor affecting some joint-venture plans . 
Rep. Oakar , a Democrat from Cleveland , wants a $ 6.9 million grant so Cleveland can build an 18-story Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . 
The dollar climbed immediately higher on news of Mr. Greenspan 's testimony , settling lower in later trade as dealers squared positions ahead of today 's preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product . 
Sales increased 7 % to $ 1.49 billion from $ 1.39 billion . 
U.S. Memories said it will begin visits during the next several weeks to sites in Austin , Texas ; Colorado Springs , Colo. ; Middletown , N.Y. ; and Phoenix , Ariz . 
Tuesday , the shares regained SKr20 , closing at SKr225 . 
The drop , following a 6.2 % decline in August , indicates the industry is still being hurt by the Fed 's anti-inflation battle . 
`` The fundamentals of supply and demand once again are setting oil prices , '' says Victor Burk , an Arthur Andersen & Co. oil expert . 
Revenue increased more than 5 % to $ 283.2 million from $ 268.6 million . 
He argued that both CPI and PPI have in fact decelerated since spring . 
The case went on appeal to the Second Circuit . 
Israel wants to end the dialogue , but our analysts take a different view than theirs . '' 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Its chief builder , Taiwan-born Feng-hsiung Hsu , nicknamed his brainchild `` the Weasel '' for its tactical flair at wriggling out of horrible positions . 
Rubbermaid officials said they are n't aware of any effort to take over the company , but believed the shareholder plan needed to be strengthened . 
Some , however , lowered yields significantly . 
Unlike the other nations of the bloc , East Germany is a creature of the Cold War . 
`` I do n't mind the competition inside the country , '' she says . 
The core of its holdings is 190,000 square meters of incredibly expensive property in the Marunouchi district , the business and financial center of Tokyo , often jokingly called `` Mitsubishi Village . '' 
So Mr. Carter formed three new Army divisions and gave them to a new bureaucracy in Tampa called the Rapid Deployment Force . 
But as for safety , he says double-deck freeways built today with the heavily reinforced concrete and thicker columns required after the Sylmar quake should withstand a calamitous temblor of 7.5 to 8 on the Richter scale . 
`` I said , ` Somebody come get me . 
`` It 's like kicking the tires of a car ... . 
In remarks at a White House ceremony marking Polish Heritage Month , Mr. Bush announced that Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter , Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher and Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole will lead the U.S. group . 
The Treasury Department proposed that banks be required to keep detailed records of international wire transfers , which officials believe is the main vehicle used by drug traffickers to move billions of dollars in and out of the U.S. . 
That is n't surprising . 
The move is sure to heighten concerns about increased Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms . 
Liberty National Bancorp said its acquisition of Florence Deposit Bank , Florence , Ky. , first announced in April , has been completed in a transaction valued at $ 13.1 million . 
But with growth come growing pains , and never has this been clearer on the Indian capital market than now . 
They say the recent market volatility has underscored the shortcomings of the way many European exchanges trade stocks . 
The offering included $ 550 million of 12 % senior subordinated debentures due 2001 and $ 200 million of zero coupon liquid yield option notes due 2004 . 
Over time , through benchmark surveys , the corrected data on service exports and imports have been gathered . 
The sun is hot now though it 's only 8 in the morning . 
Silences were lengthy -- nobody moved or gestured . 
The company has begun offering shots of gamma globulin , which will diminish the flu-like symptoms of hepatitis A , in anyone who has contracted the disease , Mr. Mattausch said . 
It never hurt anyone , that is , unless the growth funds do n't grow when you need them to . 
But most companies are too afraid to take that chance . 
Nationwide Health said it has `` numerous financing activities '' under way to remedy the problem and will make up the dividend payment later if possible . 
It would allow all defendants to introduce statistical evidence showing racially disproportionate application of the death penalty in the past . 
Mr. Savaiko theorized that the news on cold fusion did n't affect the market yesterday because many traders have already been badly burnt by such stories . 
Passive Components makes capacitors and filters used to protect electronics . 
The state attorney general 's office is investigating rental car agencies charging noticeably higher prices . 
`` The dress business has always been a gamble , but it 's never been like this , '' says Mr. Levy , president of St. Gillian Group Ltd. , which has become a hot name thanks to a campaign of sexy TV commercials . 
John R. Wilke contribued to this article . 
`` It takes three months to turn copper concentrate into cathodes , '' he said . 
Already , Congress is toying with legislation to curb the Fed 's independence . 
Ford and Chrysler also have exhibits , although theirs are tucked in a separate room with the less-popular automotive parts section . 
In addition , its railroad lost a $ 750 million antitrust suit , which is on appeal , and which analysts say could be settled for one-third that amount . 
`` They always seem to come a bit later than you expect . 
To tackle the problem , NFL owners have proposed setting a rookie wage scale to try to rein in salaries . 
Last week , a unit of MNC Financial Corp. offered $ 268 million of home-equity securities . 
In Geneva , however , they supported Iran 's proposal because it would have left the Saudi percentage of the OPEC total intact , and increased actual Saudi volume to nearly 5.3 million barrels daily from five million . 
The firm is thought to have purchased up to $ 3 billion of 30-year bonds in a buying spree on Wednesday and the previous Thursday . 
( Intercepting other people 's private conversations is illegal and punishable by five years in prison and fines of $ 10,000 . ) 
Why , even 20 % of the Republican vote is going to Dinkins . '' 
Hubert Pedroli , managing director of foreign exchange at Credit Suisse in New York , adds , `` The market sees this as the last piece of good news . '' 
The new , as yet unnamed , subsidiary will combine Quebecor 's existing printing unit and Maxwell Graphics . 
Nobody proved that more masterfully than Mr. Coelho , the former Democratic majority whip . 
Such investors tend to be more cautious than institutional investors are about re-entering the market after massive selloffs , market makers say . 
Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . 
Moreover , Polaroid contends it could have sold them at a higher price -- and thus made higher profits -- because it would n't have been forced to match Kodak 's lower prices . 
Employee-benefit specialists drew a collective sigh of relief in early October when the Labor Department backed away from a proposal that companies let former employees and beneficiaries -- along with active workers -- borrow against balances in 401 ( k ) and similar savings plans . 
Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
The difference lies in how the two entrepreneurial furriers reacted to the foreign competition and transformation of their industry over the past 10 years . 
The ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense and charges for depreciation and amortization , but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company 's hospitals . 
The premium the elderly pay for coverage of doctor 's bills under Part B of the Medicare health insurance plan will rise to $ 29 a month in 1990 from $ 27.90 , the Department of Health and Human Services said . 
By his moderate Republican heritage as well as the warnings of political advisers who say the issue is vital to younger voters , the president might seem to have at least some sympathy with abortion-rights arguments . 
Evidence of the growing Japanese demand for mortgage securities abounds . 
Money could be added to a pending spending bill covering the Federal Emergency Management Agency , which coordinates federal disaster relief . 
Mitsubishi Estate ended the day at 2680 , up 150 . 
Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. is redemption agent . 
`` You always want your house insured , but you do n't always feel the need for your investments to be insured . '' 
`` Monitoring shows that the Natick team 's new system really does reduce cycle time for the morning package sort , '' reports James Barksdale , chief operating officer at Federal Express . 
Industry analysts suggest that the conquest of Falconbridge could vault Trelleborg from a regional Scandinavian success story to a world-class mining concern . 
In the statement , Mr. Skase said that on the basis of current interest rates in Australia , the company 's asset sales would reduce interest expense by about A$ 120 million a year in addition to eliminating certain liabilities . 
Experts say such long hours for attendants pose a safety risk . 
The drug will be given treatment investigational new drug status , a label accorded to drugs believed effective but lacking formal approval . 
The company , founded and controlled by Harbanse Doman , its chairman and president , said the purchase would make it Canada 's 10th largest forest products company . 
And ad agencies insist that they do . 
One of Mr. Roberts 's observations is that the Bank 's own loan portfolio is in deep trouble because of its lending to developing countries . 
Consumers will be able to switch on their HDTV sets and get all the viewing benefits the high-tech medium offers . 
Some cities , including New York , have experimented with special tax districts for commercial areas that provide additional patrols funded by local businesses . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The New York bank holding company 's assets at Sept. 30 climbed to $ 59.4 billion from $ 57.9 billion . 
We want them to buy more of their wardrobe here . '' 
It Helps to Be Male 
Clearly , the existence of the former lures the latter . 
But that means paying the horse 's maintenance ; on average , it costs $ 25,000 a year to raise a horse . 
Follow With Care 
Mr. Peake is chairman of his own consulting company in Englewood , N.J . 
All of their friends have children and they ca n't , so now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his fancy convertible or his deluxe stereo equipment . 
No human can examine millions of moves , but Mr. Kasparov , using his ineffably powerful brain , consistently found very good ones . 
The RICO law has come under criticism from some defendants and defense lawyers . 
`` The Japanese will come to Mexico , but not immediately , '' says Kazushige Suzuki , director-general of the Japanese External Trade Organization in Mexico . 
The legislation , approved 345-47 and sent to the Senate , establishes two enterprise funds , to be governed by independent nonprofit boards , which will make loans and investments in new business ventures in Hungary and Poland . 
In fiscal 1984 , before Mr. Gandhi came to power , only $ 810 million was raised . 
The FCC moves were good news for AT&T , which has been striving since the breakup of the phone system for greater latitude in pricing and reduced regulation . 
The notes can be redeemed starting in July 1991 . 
Futures prices declined . 
By 1995 it will be planted more often than any other apple tree , according to a recent survey of six apple-industry sages by Washington State University horticulturist Robert Norton . 
Like Mr. Brown , they sometimes go to surprising lengths to meet that overarching corporate goal : delivering the goods on time . 
Last week , following fruitless settlement talks , Warner , now merging with Time Inc. , filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters . 
For TCI , the investment in Showtime puts it in an unusual position ; as the largest cable operator , with control of close to 12 million of the nation 's 52 million cable subscribers , TCI is HBO 's largest customer . 
The offer from IMA Acquisition Corp. , for as many as 63 million shares , is set to expire Wednesday . 
Claiborne shares closed yesterday at $ 25.125 , up 50 cents , in national over-the-counter trading . 
Standard cases would require less judicial attention , and fast-track cases could be resolved quickly . 
`` It was chaotic . 
Before taking any action , he advised the panel to `` see what the market has produced as a cure . '' 
In 1988 , 18 months after the sixth congress formally endorsed family-run private enterprise , district authorities allowed Mr. Chan to resume work . 
He is negotiating a rich book contract to boot . 
It will develop , produce and market high-performance electronic parts . 
Ms. Terry did say the fund 's recent performance `` illustrates what happens in a leveraged product '' when the market does n't cooperate . 
But some traders thought there was less to the rally than met the eye . 
The two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more recession-resistant were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' ( about 31 % ) and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' ( about 15 % ) or are `` unsure if and when a recession might come '' ( about 22 % ) . 
The program now works on all Hewlett-Packard and Apollo workstations and on computers made by Multiflow Computer Inc. of Branford , Conn . 
Democracy can be cruel to politicians : Sometimes it forces them to make choices . 
`` Red Delicious has been overplanted , and its prices have dropped below the cost of production , '' says Washington State 's Mr. Norton . 
The state Supply Regulator Institute is to burn rice , corn and beans that spoiled because of neglect and corruption in the previous Christian Democrat government , a statement from the information service SISAL said . 
The G-7 comprises West Germany , the U.S. , France , the U.K. , Italy , Canada and Japan . 
Similarly , he says , suppose you were attracted to a company because of expectations that sales would hit $ 200 million by 1990 . 
`` Hostile '' thus entered the merger-acquisition lexicon . 
The GM move follows Tuesday 's declaration by Ford , which holds an unwelcome 12.45 % stake in Jaguar , that it is prepared to bid for the entire company . 
Under the proposed plan , the fund would also lend Santa Fe Pacific Realty $ 75 million in the form of a note that would be convertible into additional shares of the realty company after the second year at the then-prevailing market price . 
U.S. durable goods orders are expected to show a decline of 1.2 % in September , according to economists . 
About a year ago , it ended an on-again , off-again internal production war that had put prices on a roller coaster and pitched oil towns from Houston to Caracas into recession . 
The combination of lower rates and fewer loopholes has meant that the so-called average effective tax rate -- the rate actually paid -- of the 250 corporations surveyed reached 26.5 % in 1988 , compared with 14.3 % in the years from 1981 through 1985 , according to the study . 
Crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter . 
According to testimony in a public , 80-page grand-jury report handed up to the state attorney general , Judge O'Kicki extorted cash from lawyers , muscled favorable loans from banks and bullied local businesses for more than a decade . 
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry . 
U.S. District Judge Jack B. Weinstein of Brooklyn , N.Y. , ruled that a man implicated in an attack on an Israeli passenger bus in 1986 can be extradited to Israel for trial . 
The tattered black binder , bulging with 18 years ' worth of recipes held together by rubber bands , was in chef Lindsey Shere 's purse when it was stolen from her house recently . 
EARTHQUAKE VICTIMS facing imminent filing and payment deadlines will get extensions and penalty waivers like those provided for Hugo 's victims ; IRS Notice 89108 has details . 
He wanted your own unbiased , virgin opinion , '' says Mr. Johnson , now managing director at Georgeson & Co. , a proxy-solicitation and investor-relations firm . 
Mr. Craven said both Messrs. Eward and Whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier , but Mr. Craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position . 
The report said that utilization management should have more of an impact as federal research on the effectiveness of medical treatments helps lead to medical practice guidelines . 
Among California savings-and-loan stocks , H.F. Ahmanson eased 3\/8 to 22 1\/4 , CalFed slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/8 , Great Western Financial dropped 1\/2 to 21 1\/4 and Golden West Financial fell 5\/8 to 29 1\/4 . 
The opposition charged that the money was used to bribe Indian government officials , an allegation denied by Mr. Gandhi 's administration . 
In particular , `` shadowing '' a currency is anything but fixing ; it is an open announcement that the exchange rate target has no credibility . 
The figures show that spending rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago . 
But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets . 
A year earlier , the refiner earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
`` Teddy Z , '' which centers on a mailroom clerk-turned agent at a Hollywood talent agency , was scheduled in the coveted 9:30 p.m. slot to follow `` Murphy Brown , '' a situation comedy about a television news magazine , starring Candice Bergen . 
`` Whatever capital it ( Sansui ) needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , '' Mr. Nadir said . 
Manville advanced 3\/4 to 10 . 
The U.S. trade deficit swelled to $ 10.77 billion in August , prompting worries that the nation 's export drive had stalled . 
Mayor Agnos 's $ 2 billion estimate does n't include damage to freeway arteries leading into the city , some of which remained closed . 
Given such attitudes , some corporate masseurs prefer to go about their business quietly . 
In his old job , as Dade County chief , Mr. Fernandez forced out 92 teachers and reshuffled 48 principals . 
On July 18 , 1974 , International Nickle of Canada -- advised by Morgan -- offered $ 28 a share , equal to $ 157 million , for ESB , a Philadelphia battery maker . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
There was just one sticking point : The two had a prior commitment . 
Now that is about to change , as Texas Instruments begins marketing two 14-pound laptop PCs with 20 megabyte and 40 megabyte hard drives . 
But in this case the needle has a very sharp point . 
The package helps carriers solve pricing problems , such as how to react to discounts offered by competitors or what would be the optimum number of seats to offer at a given price . 
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 , interest-free loan from a Wedtech officer . 
VISUALIZING BLOOD vessels without poking catheters into the body may come out of research at AT&T Bell Laboratories . 
( Lindens need about 36 feet . ) 
Claiborne 's directors also declared its regular cash dividend payment of five cents a share payable on Dec. 5 to shareholders of record at the close of business on Nov. 13 . 
`` The computers find all the key words they can , but the editors confirm every one . 
And when they were no longer needed , they were turned loose unprepared to build lives of their own . 
All of the companies are units of Panhandle Eastern Corp. , which acquired Texas Eastern Corp. earlier this year . 
Among the subsidies continued in the transportation bill is $ 30.7 million to maintain commercial air service for an estimated 92 communities , often in rural areas . 
`` You do n't make any real money . '' 
The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending . 
A year earlier , the company had a loss of $ 10.8 million , or $ 3.04 a share , on revenue of $ 10.8 million . 
Shearson , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Salomon Inc. are discussing formation of a group to sell securities-price data . 
I sell -- a little . 
For each poll , the odds are 19 out of 20 that if pollsters had sought to survey every household in the U.S. using the same questionnaire , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 2 1\/2 percentage points in either direction . 
The bill last night includes $ 500 million to help finance this credit and further raises the obligation ceiling for the Small Business Administration sixfold to $ 1.8 billion to accommodate the expected loan activity . 
And heavy-industry lobbyists are quietly discussing the possibility of reinstating the investment tax credit . 
The plea settlement does not allow Southern Co. to charge any of the $ 500,000 to its customers , or take action against employees who provided information during the federal inquiry . 
And that puts added pressure on Chez Panisse dessert-menu planners . 
Qintex Australia has n't yet reported results for the fiscal year ended July 31 . 
The network 's own production company , NBC Productions , supplies a half-hour family-oriented show titled `` Saved By The Bell . '' 
Some analysts at least are buying that argument , and were n't alarmed by the losses . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do . 
It also was detailed in Congressional testimony this past February : An explosion at the Microbiology and Virology Institute in Sverdlovsk released anthrax germs that caused a significant number of deaths . 
Even the president 's doctor , Burton Lee , has said on the record that he 'd love to be surgeon general but could n't pass the pro-life test . 
It 's a bizarre and totally inappropriate reaction , all to add more pizzazz to a script that 's already overdosing on pizzazz . 
Get the problem behind you and do n't look back , '' said James J. McDermott , analyst at Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , in approving of the move . 
But Judge Arthur Alarcon , joined by Judge Cynthia Holcomb Hall , took the astonishing position that it is perfectly OK to fabricate quotations so long as a judge finds that the fabrications do not alter substantive content or are rational interpretations of ambiguous remarks . 
Randy Delchamps was named chairman and chief executive officer of this grocery chain . 
Moreover , the earnings were well below analysts ' expectations of about $ 1.16 a share . 
Jaguar 's American depositary receipts added 3\/8 to 10 3\/4 on volume of 1.1 million . 
So she has agreed to forgo monetary damages against Mr. Alexander 's client in return for the right to punch the attorney . 
Four years ago , Pittsburgh was designated the most-livable U.S. city by Rand McNally 's Places Rated Almanac , and the honor did wonders to improve Pittsburgh 's soot-stained image . 
To further complicate relief efforts , the privately funded American Red Cross also finds itself strapped for funds after its big Hugo operation . 
What happens to me if Campeau collapses between now and then ? '' 
Detrex , which has annual sales of about $ 100 million , declined to say if it would post a loss in the third quarter . 
It 's easy to get something comparable by simply moving to a higher altitude in the U.S. . 
Some pharmaceutical shares were popular on rumors related to new products to be introduced at a cancer conference that opened in Nagoya . 
In Japan , many desktop terminals are limited to one function and ca n't communicate with other machines . 
But there is a risk , which the Japanese discovered when they first dipped their toes into the market nearly five years ago . 
The investment bank has previously announced that as part of its punishment it would create an independent foundation to promote ethical behavior in the securities industry . 
Citizens & Southern Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Security Pacific Corp. 's New York-based factoring unit . 
Profit in Olin 's defense and ammunition segment rose to $ 8 million from $ 7 million . 
She contends that similar mandates have driven up insurance costs 20 % in Maryland and 30 % in California . 
As part of the same bill , the finance panel also voted in favor of billions of dollars in narrow tax breaks for individuals and corporations , in what committee member Sen. David Pryor ( D. , Ark . ) calls a `` feeding frenzy '' of special-interest legislating . 
Cineplex traded on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 11.25 a share , up $ 1.125 , before trading was halted . 
Besides Ms. and Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for entrepreneurs and small businesses , and Working Woman and Working Mother , two monthly magazines . 
Such sentiment only encourages the adverse feelings toward Turkey that surfaced when Turkey asked for assistance in dealing with its Bulgarian emigration crisis . 
One especially coveted Specialized market the new players are targeting is mountain-bike accessories , which Mr. Eidsmo calls `` the future of our business . '' 
Mr. Fedders is philosophical about his travails . 
Areas that are made of ` fill ' liquefy . 
In sum , the biases ennumerated above indicate a 0.7 percentage point understatement in growth of total real GNP . 
In such cases , the game has n't changed , only the name . 
The imports , totaling 98.5 million barrels , were 11 % lower than August levels . 
After that , the layout had been easy . 
Earnings continued to pace sales because of a lower tax rate , profit from the renegotiation of the debt instrument received from Faberge Inc. in connection with Lilly 's sale of Elizabeth Arden Inc. in 1987 , and net proceeds from the settlement of patent litigation at Lilly 's Hybritech Inc. unit . 
If corporate bonds are bad in recessions , junk bonds are likely to be the worst of all . 
As expected , First Interstate Bancorp reported a net loss of $ 15.5 million for its third quarter because of hemorrhaging at its First Interstate Bank of Arizona unit . 
Part of the increase would provide $ 90 million toward ensuring construction of a costly solid rocket-motor facility in Mr. Whitten 's Mississippi . 
Steve Jobs took a step back from the frontier of personal-computer technology in an effort to spur sales of Next Inc. 's new machine . 
Ad Notes ... . 
In a new TV ad , for instance , a woman going through the Sunday newspaper brands as hype claims by other stores that they are offering goods for `` 50 % , 60 % and 70 % off . 
IBM , for instance , said it anticipates returning to a normal work schedule by the weekend at its San Jose plant , which puts out disk drives for the 3090 family of mainframes . 
Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera and interview the chained protesters . 
He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down . 
The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's hydraulic or control systems , and led to the crash that killed 112 people . 
This year , the NFL also imposed an 80-player limit on teams going into training camp , down from 120 , in a move meant to trim payroll costs . 
In autumn last year , for example , the regime garrison at Kandahar was prepared to surrender the city to resistance moderates . 
Separately , Mr. Cayne of Bear Stearns said his firm is working with regulators to balance margin requirements to `` enhance stabilization . '' 
Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984 , after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter . 
Also , blue chips in general have suffered much more short-term price volatility in recent years . 
Until Mr. Luzon took the helm last November , Banco Exterior was run by politicians who lacked either the skills or the will to introduce innovative changes . 
Minitruck production fell 13 % to 94,243 units . 
Still , in recent days , machinists ' union leaders have shown some new flexibility . 
But if , as many now fear , Waertsilae Marine joins the ranks of failed shipyards it might turn out to be remembered most as a blemish on Finland 's international reputation . 
Last year 's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases , boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils , analysts said . 
He cautioned , however , that a `` tough tax-rate comparison '' may slow the company 's earnings growth for the current quarter . 
One individual said the shareholders ' accord was `` well worked out . '' 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about an eighth of a point , or about $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Sales for the year rose almost 15 % to $ 1.34 billion from $ 1.17 billion last year . 
Before they let him go he added a thousand bureaucrats to the RDF in Tampa and renamed it Central Command . 
Digital Equipment gained 1 3\/8 to 89 3\/4 despite reporting earnings for the September quarter that were on the low end of expectations . 
The proposal has set off a lively debate within an industry that was far from united to begin with . 
`` The deadbeats are still deadbeats , '' said Mr. Feinman of Drexel . 
`` There are n't as many economically viable alternatives for real estate developers in this country as 10 years ago , '' says Charles Shaw , a Chicago-based real estate developer . `` 
The latest quarter included a gain of about $ 62 million on the sale of the company 's urethane polyols and propylene glycols businesses . 
The 47-year-old Mr. Nicastro joins Grand Union from Singer Co. , where he was treasurer . 
`` I was convinced that what was true of retinoblastoma would be true for all cancers . '' 
CBS News sends scripts to agents , who pass them along to clients . 
`` The issue was very well-received -- Disney is such a well-known , you can say world-wide , name , '' said Vernon Dempsey , head trader of European equities at Kleinwort Benson Ltd. , which is making a market in the issue . 
California Thefts Make Travel Agents Jittery 
He succeeds James E. Burt III , who resigned from all three posts to pursue other interests . 
Manville Corp. said it will build a $ 24 million power plant to provide electricity to its Igaras pulp and paper mill in Brazil . 
Wall Street reacted swiftly yesterday to the disaster by bidding up stocks of construction and related companies . 
Ms. Haag plays Elianti . 
St. Paul Medical Center , also in Dallas , sees only a `` minimal erosion '' of support staff due to AIDS . 
The insurance firm acts as a broker on policies covering buildings managed by HelmsleySpear and others . 
Ms. Chung 's program is just one of several network shows ( and many more in syndication ) that rely on the controversial technique of reconstructing events , using actors who are supposed to resemble real people , living and dead . 
The centers are complete with maps detailing utility lines beneath rides and `` safe havens '' where people can be assembled away from major structures . 
Mrs. Coleman 's husband , Joseph , a physician , succeeded Mrs. Rosenthal as president and served in that post until his death in 1968 . 
Results for the 1988 quarter included a gain of $ 1.05 a share from sale of the Reda Pump and Oilwell Cable units , partly offset by a charge of 69 cents a share for recall of faulty truck steering systems . 
New Jersey is a proving ground for this aggressive women's-rights movement this year . 
Their yields are higher than those of U.S. Treasury issues . 
But he warns that banks will have `` to have enough discipline '' not to make loans that are too risky . 
Although he expressed confidence that the proposed new company 's cash flow would be sufficient to cover interest payments on the debt , he estimated that the company would n't be profitable until 1994 or later . 
`` Let this building be Steppenwolf 's legacy to Chicago theater . '' 
And as the applause dies down in showrooms along Seventh Avenue and Broadway , stylishly clad Campeau buyers will begin writing orders . 
Mrs. Engelken had scheduled a stop on the New Jersey Turnpike to , she told her husband , pick up some papers for a neighbor . 
Ryder System Inc. posted a third-quarter net loss of $ 27.6 million , because of an expected $ 57 million after-tax charge and continued weakness in the company 's truck-rental business . 
The restaurant operator had 32.2 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 29 . 
Intel 's short interest jumped 42 % , while Campeau 's increased 62 % . 
Raymond Chandler , in a 1950 letter defending a weak Hemingway book , likened a champion writer to a baseball pitcher . 
With 15 seconds of trading to go , Mr. Jacobson , with what voice he had left , announced to the trading mob : `` We 're going to trade one price on the bell . '' 
But he said that any effort by Time to characterize the Tele-Communications investment in Showtime as anti-competitive would be `` the pot calling the kettle black . '' 
Once all the articles are coded and put in a data base , Pinpoint 's computers pick the most relevant for each subscriber and lay them out in a three-to-five-page newsletter format ; each newsletter is sent directly from the computer to the subscriber 's fax machine . 
Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons initially reported indirect evidence of neutrons being produced in their experiment but later conceded the measurements were questionable . 
Americans spent more than $ 190 billion on new cars and trucks last year , and just 1 % of that market exceeded Polaroid Co. 's sales of $ 1.86 billion . 
CML , Acton , Mass. , had agreed to sell the unit to Reebok for about $ 42 million . 
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen . 
Debora Foster takes off her necklace , settles herself on a padded chair and gently leans forward . 
If it is a case in which the client seeks punitive damages , for example , depressed , underemployed people are far more likely to grant them . 
Although working for U.S. intelligence , Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively . 
The distributor is R.R. Bowker , New York . 
I never pay my bills Till the very last day ; I lose far less interest By proceeding that way . 
In the Bell Labs experiments , an MRI-type of machine , synchronized with the heartbeat via an electrocardiogram , rapidly flashes a magnetic field on and off as blood passes a certain point in a vessel . 
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract . 
Federal and state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of occupation , high income , type of income , or some other characteristic that may signal an opportunity or tendency to hide income or exaggerate deductions . 
A shareholders ' accord would provide the first restitution to thousands of individuals and institutions claiming losses as a result of insider trading by Boesky & Co. , once the largest arbitrage fund in the U.S. . 
Concern that investors could misinterpret such readings led the American Association of Individual Investors to eliminate beta figures for precious-metals funds in the 1989 edition of its mutual-fund guide . 
It was horrible . 
But I still think the fundamentals are poor , '' said Denise Gilbert , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco . 
Indeed , Fujitsu officials admitted they may have been a little overzealous . 
Also , BASF AG , another large chemicals company , said it formed a separate division that will study the environmental impact of plastics and will investigate all possibilities of recycling plastics . 
Alternatively , it would offer to swap three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 
But when they discover that markets are n't always as liquid as they supposed -- markets jump . 
The most obvious pitch , of course , is the lure of big returns . 
The Office of Finance of the Federal Home Loan Banks said it priced a four-part $ 2.27 billion bond offering for the banks to yield from 8.125 % to 8.375 % . 
Tim Pettee , an analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. , said : `` The business turned faster than expected . 
Glasnost has made celebrities of men like Mr. Korotich . 
A Temple-Inland spokesman said the company expects record earnings in 1989 , and `` we 're still pretty bullish '' on 1990 . 
Separately , the bill gives authority to the Bush administration to facilitate the refinancing of federally subsidized loans for low-income and moderate-income homeowners . 
Pretax profit in the latest year climbed to # 187.1 million ( $ 297.1 million ) from # 146.3 million ( $ 232.3 million ) . 
Shiny Nikes , cracked cement , media glory -- the foot race of the year . 
The companies block traffic much as highway on-ramps are blocked when traffic backs up . 
By an 11-2 margin , Senate negotiators voted to preserve the 235 mortgage refinancing plan , and despite powerful allies , the opposition found itself undercut by an unusual alliance of liberals and conservatives . 
Call from Sept. 30 , 1993 , at 100 3\/16 , declining by 1\/16 point a year to to par . 
Elsewhere in the oil sector , Exxon rallied 7\/8 to 45 3\/4 ; Amoco rose 1\/8 to 47 ; Texaco was unchanged at 51 3\/4 , and Atlantic Richfield fell 1 5\/8 to 99 1\/2 . 
Before the takeover mania of the '80s , it referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks , especially those with shrewd management , sound fundamentals and decent prospects . 
Misunderstanding conversations with us , Mr. Tomsho argued that Mr. Redford 's environmental views are at odds with Utah residents . 
Mr. Titus is a researcher at the Justice Department 's National Institute of Justice . 
Excluded from the sale are the interests of the trust and the corporation in two Las Vegas hotel-casinos . 
Peter Pae in Pittsburgh contributed to this article . 
Charles D . Way , president of this restaurant operator , assumed the additional post of chief executive officer . 
But spokesmen for both Mr. Isler and Mr. Conner say the formation of the new syndicate has to do with Mr. Isler 's desire to skipper his own team and begin planning now , rather than any falling out between the two sportsmen . 
But East Germany is merely `` the land of truly existing socialism . '' 
Also participating in the study , Enron said , is the National Power division of Britain 's Central Electricity Generating Board . 
Furukawa Electric Co. , one of Japan 's leading electric wire and cable manufacturers , said unconsolidated pretax profit in the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 fell 5.3 % to 6.11 billion yen ( $ 43.1 million ) from 6.45 billion yen a year earlier . 
`` Dave thought the country needed a strong U.S. Steel and , while Chuck agreed , he was more apt to say , ` Not at any cost to shareholders , ' '' a former executive says . 
A sinking pound makes imports more expensive and increases businesses ' expectations of future inflation , he argued . 
`` You 'll have weird dreams , too . '' 
A lot of observers think so , and , if they 're right , the whole economy as well as the spendthrifts among us could be hurt . 
The secretary would be required to block an acquisition if he concluded that it would so weaken an airline financially that it would hurt safety or reduce the carrier 's ability to compete , or if it gave control to a foreign interest . 
Unfortunately , Mr. Bork failed to distinguish between such pressures and the emergence of great issues critical to a society that must be settled judicially if it is to cohere . 
Mr. Daly said such discussions are motivated by the competitive threat posed by Federal Express , United Parcel Service of America Inc. and other fast-growing air-freight companies . 
He expects the price for that product to rise even more next year . 
Here were more than 70,000 ANC supporters , gathering for the first ANC rally inside South Africa since the black liberation movement was banned in 1960 . 
Ford , which already has an unwelcome 13.2 % holding , is prepared to bid for the entire company and had lobbied the government to lift the takeover restrictions early . 
Robert M. Jelenic , 39 , was named president and chief operating officer of this closely held publisher . 
GASB rules still apply for other government units . 
All the numbers were adjusted for normal seasonal variations in building activity . 
Two hunters in the forest . 
James G. Zafris , president of Danvers Savings Bank , Danvers , Mass. , says the market turmoil `` is an absolute non-event for small business . '' 
Analysts said the move could presage even harsher action by the banks . 
`` Shippers are saying ` the party 's over , ' '' said Mr. LaLonde . 
Canadian Pacific and Soo Line tracks connect at two points in the West on the Canada-U.S. border and the two companies operate a very successful Chicago-Montreal rail service . 
Sixty thousand surfers atop a concrete wall , waiting for the wipeout . 
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article . 
Each of the Class C warrants will enable the holders to purchase one share of common stock at $ 5.50 . 
He rejoined his family in January 1984 and began the long struggle for justice , pressing everyone from Hanoi municipal officials to National Assembly deputies for restoration of his rights . 
Mr. McKinney , 50 years old , was chairman and chief executive of American Fletcher Corp. , Indianapolis , when that bank holding company merged into Banc One in January 1987 . 
Okobank ( Finland ) -- 
New York-based Hearst Corp. this fall plans to publish its first issue of 9 Months , a magazine for expectant mothers , and has already launched American Home . 
As the music swells , viewers discover they 're watching a commercial for Lone Star Beer , the pride of Texas , a product of G. Heileman Brewing Co. , a La Crosse , Wis. , unit of Bond Corp . 
Like the S&L mess before it , this is a problem Congress should be solving , not ignoring . 
In derivative markets , Fannie Mae issued two $ 400 million real estate mortgage investment conduits backed by its 9 % securities . 
Most of Part A 's costs are paid by a payroll tax on workers and employers . 
The Tire King 
Denizens of London 's financial district are cushioning themselves for heavy blows . 
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him . 
One new investment style called `` asset allocation '' shifts portfolio weightings between stocks , bonds and cash when computer models say one is more attractive . 
In the second year , workers would receive a 3 % wage boost and a 3 % bonus , followed by a 3 % increase without a bonus in the third year . 
In addition , IBM noted that the stronger dollar has cut the value of overseas revenue and earnings when they are translated into dollars . 
California state transportation officials interviewed by telephone say they nevertheless do n't expect serious problems for commerce in and out of the Bay area . 
But the computer giant appears to have lost a second key contract with Kodak to archrival Digital Equipment Corp . 
The holding company said it has been `` unfairly associated '' with other banks in New England that have had major loan losses in recent quarters . 
`` Business has never been this tough before . 
`` Law school teaches wonderful theory , but it does n't teach the nuts and bolts of practical lawyering , '' says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course . 
Warner also contributed record results from its music business , where unit sales of compact discs rose more than 50 % from a year ago , the company said , helped by Prince 's `` Batman '' soundtrack . 
Mr. Waggoner has been involved in a dispute with the board since August , when he ousted all the directors . 
The new pricing strategy `` is working , '' the spokesman asserted . 
Why , they wonder , should it belong to the EC ? 
`` But we 're just too nervous . '' 
While domestic orders climbed an adjusted 8 % and a nominal 11 % in September , foreign orders declined 4 % after inflation and 1 % on a nominal basis . 
He often groans , he says , at the `` clutter '' of sports stories about drugs , alcohol , gambling and some player 's lament `` about the miserly millions he is offered to play the game . '' 
Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated , shelf offering of $ 200 million of debt securities , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
The tribe is one of the poorest in the Pacific Northwest . 
As we know , voters tend to favor Republicans more in races for president than in those for Congress . 
It also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or shelter . 
NTT lost 30,000 yen to 1,380,000 yen ( $ 9,756 ) . 
The purchases increased his stake to 16.2 % of the shares outstanding . 
And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid . 
Baseball ai n't football , where the good teams beat up on the bad ones . 
Commodities : 
But he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid , saying he must first explore bank financing . 
Mr. DaPuzzo also complained that the sharp swings in stock prices lately is scaring away retail and foreign investors . 
Yesterday 's Centennial Journal misstated the company 's name . 
`` Thus we judge it to be not a violation of the ABM treaty at this time . '' 
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 . 
Parts of the Houston Ship Channel were closed . 
The result is that some franchisees are running hard just to stay even , laying off middle managers and working harder to make less . 
The Brookings and Urban Institute authors caution , however , that most nursing home stays are of comparatively short duration , and reaching the Medicaid level is more likely with an unusually long stay or repeated stays . 
`` The strategy is ` Let 's vote . ' '' 
The union wo n't respond to the USX statement until Mr. Williams has studied it , the spokesman said . 
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent . 
The main components of the various asseet categories : Housing : Primary home , but not the land it 's on . 
He noted that for the first time in months there was some light investor interest in the metals . 
`` They were a sleeper . 
There is a simple reason for this : the Cuban people . 
When the Engelken family got back from its trip up north , Mr. Engelken wrote it all down , just to make sure no detail was missed . 
In the end his move was sparked by remarks in excerpts from Sir Alan 's autobiography in The American Economist , a 10,000-circulation academic journal . 
Only walking and golf increased in popularity during the 1980s -- and only slightly . 
She declines to show them . 
For the year , Winnebago had a loss of $ 4.7 million , or 19 cents a share , following profit of $ 2.7 million , or 11 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Offices were closed yesterday . 
Still , Unisys said its European business was weak during the quarter , a worrisome sign given that the company has relied on solid results overseas to overcome weakness in the U.S. over the past several quarters . 
Among them were B.A.T Industries , which settled 6 pence a share lower at 753 ( $ 12.10 ) . 
Perhaps Mr. Greve was confused by Congress 's meaningless statement of `` the national goal '' in section 101 , which indeed calls for the elimination of discharges -- by 1985 , no less . 
A friend mentioned that she might want to look into a position at Aetna , if she was interested in a job that would constantly challenge her . 
Last month the FDA and Contact Lens Institute cautioned users that serious eye infections could result from wearing lenses more than seven days at a stretch . 
Now , even more radical changes seem afoot as the grand old maverick of American apples plays the role of Hiroshi Appleseed . 
Separately , the government will try again within a month to sell the 36 % stake in Paper Industries Corp. of the Philippines , or Picop , as the paper mill is known . 
Our plan is to honor Charles Schulz and the strip all year long . '' 
Most Wall Street firms , in pulling back , have merely stopped such trading for their own accounts . 
About 5,500 hourly workers will be laid off for a week beginning Oct. 23 , and overtime has been eliminated at the plant for the fourth quarter , a Chrysler spokesman said . 
Without more space to incarcerate convicted criminals , he added , `` we will not win the war on drugs . '' 
By a 2-to-1 ratio , voters appear more at ease with Mr. Florio 's stance on abortion , and polls indicate his lead widens when the candidates are specifically linked to the issue . 
Small-business people end up paying insurance premiums worth two to three times the cost of one illness . '' 
Senshukai said the partners plan to rent to tourists but will also sell to interested parties . 
Mark Solow , senior managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , says the falloff in junk bonds may yet open new business opportunities to banks in structuring takeovers . 
Industry consultants say only Schering-Plough , which makes the mass-market Maybelline , has maintained a meaningful business . 
Like Lebanon , and however unfairly , Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration . 
The Anglo-French financier has indicated he intends to bid again for B.A.T if he receives approval . 
The offering will include $ 729 million of 20-year tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.8 million of taxable bonds . 
Candid Comment 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
The package was termed excessive by the Bush administration , but it also provoked a struggle with influential California lawmakers who sought unsuccessfully to add nearly $ 1 billion more and waive current restrictions to expedite the distribution of funds . 
Mr. Fukuyama , peering through binoculars at the end of history , said in his essay that `` the class issue has actually been successfully resolved in the West ... 
A second problem is the persistent frustration of false alarms , which can make urban police less than enthusiastic about responding to calls from small businesses . 
The guidelines were distributed to U.S. attorneys last summer but were disclosed for the first time by press reports this week . 
In a suit filed in state court in Manhattan , the American Civil Liberties Union is representing the former maitre 'd of the chic Odeon restaurant . 
But the shortages also spawned rampant speculation and spiraling prices . 
Workers could dial out , but they could n't receive telephone calls . 
The IRS denied cost deductions because few of the temps got to go aboard . 
In addition , Ford and Saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations . 
He has characterized the five senators ' roles as `` tantamount to an attempt to subvert the ... regulatory process , '' and he is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 1987 meeting . 
`` We 're in no way committed to a deal going through at all . 
The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders , but analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help . 
In its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 , the biomedical-products maker earned 10 cents a share , up from eight cents a share in the 1988 quarter , which included an extraordinary credit . 
Some auto executives believe the benefits of more choice outweigh the drawbacks . 
Some of our best and most idiosyncratic film makers -- from Truffaut to Fellini to Woody Allen -- have taken a cue from Chekhov : When it comes to compelling drama , there 's no place like home . 
Analysts said they expected the action , and investors applauded the move . 
The biggest wild card in the brand loyalty game : How those hotly pursued but highly unpredictable baby boomers will behave as they move into middle age . 
Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
B.A.T said it may make more equity purchases until the close of business today , depending on market conditions , but will cease further purchases until Nov. 22 , when it releases third-quarter results . 
Since all four Republicans on the committee are co-sponsors of my bill , it is the Democrats who will be held fully accountable if an earnings test amendment is not allowed from the floor . 
The first program scheduled in the joint venture is `` The 1990 Homeowner 's Guide . '' 
`` The average American watches seven hours of TV a day . 
They long made little effort here . 
Some California thrift stocks also fell , including Golden West Financial Corp. and H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , which reported lower earnings yesterday . 
The company has toted up over $ 40 million in contracts in the past two days . 
Yesterday , in national trading in the over-the-counter market , Gen-Probe common closed at $ 3.25 a share . 
Directed Technologies received a $ 28.3 million Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency contract for advanced propulsion systems research . 
Treasury-bond prices immediately rallied , setting the stock market rolling from the opening bell . 
But the Gutfreund workers went ahead anyway , only to be captured `` in flagrante '' by Joan Postel , who called the police . 
The company has no immediate plans to close any operations , she said , but Quotron may subcontract some work that it has been doing in-house , including refurbishment and production of Quotron 1000 equipment used in delivering financial data . 
Dozens of workers were injured , authorities said . 
`` I 've been struggling against that for years , '' says Jonathan Rodgers , who runs WBBM-TV , the CBS-owned station in Chicago . 
All of Japan 's so-called Big Four securities firms -- Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. , the world 's largest , Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. , Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. and Daiwa -- have suffered setbacks in their attempts to break into foreign markets . 
But the Tax Court said the limitations were reasonable and realistic and allowed the deductions . 
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real-life PC . 
He wants to recover more than just his property , though . 
Three days later , Mr. Lesk was named president and chief executive officer of Olga Co. , a competing intimate apparel division of Warnaco Inc . 
As opposed to the $ 1.4 million deficit of the 1987-88 season , the 1988-89 year concluded with a $ 200,000 surplus and a $ 500,000 cash reserve . 
WHY SHOULD the Japanese cross the Pacific to buy American real estate when they can simply recreate it at home ? 
They currently have large orders for cargo planes . 
Members of Congress have proposed restricting dual trading in bills to reauthorize CFTC operations . 
By afternoon , the broader market joined the advance in full strength . 
`` The bottom line is that it 's more hand to mouth than it has been before , '' he said . 
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . '' 
I refer essentially to petroleum , electric power , banking and newsprint . 
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall . 
Trouble is , junk bond prices have been weak for months . 
They doled it out using the existing formula , however , which meant that even those countries that could n't produce more received higher official allotments . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 74 days ; 8.30 % 75 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
They effectively lead team efforts to reduce cycle time . 
Yet it still held $ 916.3 million of repossessed real estate , for which it maintains no reserves whatsoever . 
We can see plenty of reasons to stay out , and none to rejoin UNESCO . 
A year ago , Japan 's Fair Trade Commission warned NEC about possible violations of anti-monopoly laws for discouraging retailers from discounting . 
Including those , he contends , who put about $ 1 million into the kitty for the Connecticut Association of Concerned Veterans and the Vietnam Veterans Service Center . 
But the economy `` is slowing enough to give the Federal Reserve leeway to reduce interest rates . '' 
For the nine months , Textron reported net of $ 182.1 million , or $ 2.06 a share , on revenue of $ 5.41 billion . 
People got rich through takeovers in those days , as they do today . '' 
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 165,000 , unchanged from the previous sale Oct. 13 . 
It is a maze of halls that connects film rooms , elaborate spas and weight-training centers that testify to a richer , more free-spending era . 
South African gold stocks closed firmer . 
The agency wo n't allow mushrooms that were canned or packed in brine at any Chinese plant to enter the U.S. until `` satisfactory sanitation-control measures are implemented in China to prevent '' bacterial contamination . 
Nor is it a Hungary , where yesterday the parliament approved constitutional changes meant to help turn the Communist nation into a multiparty democracy . 
Defense intellectuals have complained for years that the Pentagon can not determine priorities because it has no strategy . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
At the very least , the pilots want some form of control over the airline , perhaps through super-majority voting rights . 
MEASUREX CORP. , Cupertino , maker of computer integrated manufacturing processes , annual sales of $ 265 million , NYSE , had only minor damage but workers spent most of yesterday cleaning up . 
When there are well problems , light problems , road problems , the government tells us to forget it . '' 
Mr. Bates usually handles day-to-day UAL trading on his own . 
Munich-based Allianz 's brief explanatory statement said it is acting to protect its own interests as a shareholder of Navigation Mixte . 
But Mr. Gilmartin said the hurricane damage was n't extensive enough to prompt premium boosts . 
Big financial stocks carried the day . 
Margins are the amount of money an investor needs to put up to buy or sell a futures contract . 
UAL finally opened for trading at 10:08 a.m. at 150 , down $ 28 . 
( Another much-beloved saying , however , this one in plain English , holds that if something walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it is a duck . 
James Wright , chief investment officer for Banc One Asset Management , says , `` We 've been selling a disproportionate share of cyclical companies and buying a disproportionate share of high earnings stocks . '' 
At James Capel & Co. in London , analyst Jackie Ashurst notes that Akzo is less exposed than many of its rivals to the most volatile chemical products . 
Hawker Siddeley said its core electrical products division enjoyed strong growth , with a 20 % rise in operating profit during the period . 
In the municipal market , all eyes were on California debt as investors tried to gauge the financial ramifications of Tuesday 's earthquake . 
Poverty is only two blocks from President Bush 's residence . 
Nomura , the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field , and Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides . 
They do n't even give a nod to human sensibilities by celebrating Halloween . 
As the sponsor of the `` Older Americans Freedom to Work Act , '' which would repeal the Social Security earnings limit for people aged 65 and older , I applaud your strong endorsement to repeal this Depression-era fossil . 
The French state-controlled auto group and the Dutch truck maker plan to incorporate the new trucks into their product lines when they begin production toward the middle of the 1990s . 
The stock has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since announcement of the collapse of the $ 300-a-share takeover jolted the entire stock market into its second-worst plunge ever . 
Now that 's advice the writers should take to heart . 
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments . 
For distilled spirits , operating profit rose 36 % , to $ 24.8 million . 
Apple Computer Inc. posted improved fiscal fourth-quarter profit due largely to a $ 48 million gain on the sale of its stock in Adobe Systems Inc . 
`` It was a time when interest rates came down very rapidly , '' Dr. Blumenfeld recalls . 
These and other problems squeezed Federal 's profit margins last year to 8 % , down from more than 13 % annually in the first half of the decade . 
Narrowing the penalty in this fashion would clearly reduce whatever deterrent effect it now has . 
Moreover , the burden of consumer credit payments relative to disposable income may be `` lower in this cycle than earlier , '' Mr. Durkin says . 
Sales have tripled during her 21-year tenure to about $ 200 million in 1988 . 
You know who you are . 
A shadow jury is a way to do that in a more systematic and organized way . '' 
The distribution represents available cash flow from the partnership between Aug. 1 and Oct. 31 . 
Nestle currently has only about a 2 % share with its Taster 's Choice coffee . 
Why the revolt ? 
How should a reasonable member of the Federal Reserve Board interpret a congressional decision to put the secretary on the board ? 
Japan Storage Battery Co. -- $ 100 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par via Nikko Securities Co . ( Europe ) Ltd . 
Fund managers , for their part , defend their use of leverage . 
The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
Spaced Out 
( Donald Trinen , an attorney for the penny-brokerage firm , denies the fraud allegations and says the Lyneses were fully apprised that they were pursuing a high-risk investment . ) 
You built your career on prejudice and hate . 
Worse , her walls move all the time -- at least in this production . 
Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year-ago quarter . 
Money-fund assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the week ended Tuesday , to a record $ 348.4 billion , according to IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report , a Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter . 
The firm of Bruce Kelly\/David Varnell Landscape Architects had created Central Park 's Strawberry Fields and Shakespeare Garden . 
The Pentagon argues that the negative wedge is the net effect of $ 22 billion in the as-yet unidentified procurement reductions that it intends to find in future years and $ 23 billion in an `` above guidance '' management reserve that accounts for undefined programs that will materialize in the future . 
There is a scene at the end of the first week 's show where Mancuso attends the unveiling of the memorial to his dead partner David . 
A successful vote would put pressure on the British government to lift the restriction . 
Customers and potential customers are suddenly complaining about the stock market in the exact way they did in post-crash 1987 . 
The basic problem of monetary policy , to which reform of the Fed should be addressed , is to prevent a recurrence of this experience . 
The American Trade Consortium says it is planning to ship some $ 500 million of consumer goods , financed by bank credits , in the first few months of next year . 
But in either case , the report says , China 's balance of payments would rapidly dry up foreign reserves , which are used to finance the imbalance . 
Claude Bebear , chairman and chief executive officer , of Axa-Midi Assurances , pledged to retain employees and management of Farmers Group Inc. , including Leo E. Denlea Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer , if Axa succeeds in acquiring Farmers . 
The book noted changes made at the manufacturing level that were n't disclosed to the FDA . 
Some shows just do n't impress , he says , and this is one of them . 
Doug Hammond , the federal mediator in Seattle , where Boeing is based , said the parties will continue to sit down daily until a new settlement proposal emerges or the talks break off again . 
FEMA , which coordinates federal disaster relief , is already strapped by the costs of cleaning up after Hurricane Hugo , which hit the Carolinas last month . 
Still , Southland said that its franchisees have been targeting their merchandise to their customers for years , and that the company has begun to follow suit . 
First Executive said the offering will raise about $ 299 million -- minus underwriting fees and other expenses -- that the company plans to use to write new life insurance and annuity business . 
Mr. Freeman is an executive vice president of American Express . 
`` Smoking prevention programs should reach larger segments of the population , especially children , adolescents and minorities . '' 
Behind them was a huge ANC flag and an even bigger sign that said `` ANC Lives , ANC Leads . '' 
For one , Axa plans to do away with certain tax credits that have resulted in more than $ 600 million paid to the Farmers exchanges during the past few years to offset underwriting losses . 
The clash is a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan 's once-cozy financial circles . 
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it . 
A lot of bad things can happen in 12 years . 
On Main Street , Alida Verwoerd and her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop , then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family . 
Dow Jones industrials 2689.14 , up 5.94 ; transportation 1230.80 , off 32.71 ; utilities 215.48 , up 0.06 . 
By concentrating all their resources on the pay raise , Wright and Tower , the networks actually overlooked some major stories that showed the flaws and shortcomings of the institution ... . 
At Lockheed Corp. 's missiles and space systems group in Sunnyvale , about 40 miles south of San Francisco , workers were asked to head to work yesterday after it was realized that `` there were no show-stoppers '' in the 150-plus buildings on its one-square-mile campus . 
But that rule is being virtually overlooked by Wall Street , which is concentrating on coping with the deduction issue . 
This modification , apparently , would permit the French merchant to deliver this cocoa , if necessary , against existing short positions . 
Warnaco also owns Warners , another major intimate apparel maker . 
So much of the stuff poured into its Austin , Texas , offices that its mail rooms there simply stopped delivering it . 
The loss in the fourth quarter of 1988 reflected in part expenses for an unsuccessful bid for Federated Department Stores Inc. , as well as the restructuring of some of its department store operations . 
Money manager Robert Ross , head of Duncan Ross Associates Ltd. in Vancouver , British Columbia , says stocks would have to fall 15 % to 20 % before they are competitive with less risky investment alternatives . 
The government and the ANC , the bitterest of enemies , are engaged in an elaborate mating dance designed to entice each other to the negotiating table . 
The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide , a white pigment used in paints , paper and plastics . 
At last report , Connaught had 21.8 million shares outstanding . 
I come to the floor tonight as one who ended up with a busload of extraneous matter . 
Israel has long claimed Mr. Arafat never meant to renounce terrorism , particularly because he and his lieutenants reserved the right to press `` armed struggle '' against the Jewish state . 
The slide continued until the record 508-point market drop on Oct. 19 . 
Friday , Nov. 3 , 9-11 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Our Town . '' 
It said it will look at opportunities in brewing , property and energy resources to the extent consistent with the dominant objective of manageable debt-to-assets ratios . 
Two West German chemical companies announced steps that apparently are designed to boost the chemical industry 's standing among environmental groups and the general public . 
Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on cholesterol-fearing Americans , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and , of course , the outcome of further research . 
`` They contend it is based on an assumption that has not yet been proven in valid tests , '' the Tribune said . 
The two sides do n't even agree about how much money is at issue . 
-- Junior football player . 
She was interested only if she could guide it editorially as well . 
A new Gallup Poll study commissioned by the New York Business Group on Health , found that a full 25 % of the work force at companies may suffer from anxiety disorders or a stress-related illness , with about 13 % suffering from depression . 
Though the service is available only in California , Telelawyer founder Michael Cane says he plans to franchise it in other states . 
On Monday , traders noted that some investors took profits against the backdrop of the Nikkei 's fast-paced recovery following its plunge last Monday in reaction to the Oct. 13 drop in New York stock prices . 
It seeks unspecified money damages . 
But the EC is strongly opposed to converting agricultural supports into tariffs . 
Concord Camera Corp. completed the acquisition of Peter Bauser G.m.b . H. , a West German photographic products distributor . 
Last week , the surprise resignation of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson sent the British pound into a tailspin . 
`` I 'm on my own land , '' Mr. Pyszkiewicz says . 
Security costs are also quite high . 
`` They may be susceptible to some song and dance if it hits them at the right time . '' 
The Canadian dollar climbed to its highest level against the U.S. dollar since late August , prompting the Bank of Canada to sell the Canadian currency on the market . 
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit . 
The brand is No. 7 overall in the cigarette business , Mr. Maxwell said . 
GM confirmed Friday that it received permission late Thursday from U.S. antitrust regulators to increase its Jaguar holdings past the $ 15 million level . 
The operator of fast-food restaurants , whose shares began trading last Friday , climbed 3 1\/8 to 23 on 944,000 shares . 
British Air officials said the airline 's chairman , Lord King , was concerned about news reports indicating that British Air might be willing to participate in a bid that included a lower purchase price and better investment terms for the British carrier . 
Texaco has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million . 
Indeed , with demand for steel not growing fast enough to absorb capacity , steelmakers will have to change the way they do business . 
AT&T applauded the FCC 's actions . 
Billings were n't disclosed ... . 
Short interest in Nasdaq over-the-counter stocks rose 6 % as of mid-October , its biggest jump since 6.3 % last April . 
`` But it 's an enormous business opportunity . 
The answer lies both in the degraded environment of these countries and the perceived causes of that degradation . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei Index of 225 stocks jumped 527.39 points to close at 34996.08 . 
But it may have a good listener in Washington . 
Traders said that selling pressure was n't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest . 
The inquiry soon focused on the judge . 
Mr. Hoelzer did n't return phone calls seeking comment on the judge 's decision . 
`` I ca n't support him because of abortion . '' 
In a chilly conference room at Alliance Capital Management in Minneapolis , in contrast , the firm 's money managers seem ready to pin Mr. Straszheim to the wall . 
Under Northern Trust 's plan , shareholders were issued rights that , in the event of certain attempted takeovers , allow holders to buy shares in the company at half price . 
British politicians divide into two groups of chickens , those with their necks cut and those screaming the sky is falling . 
Although crude oil prices were significantly higher this year , they were n't strong enough to offset the declining profits in those business sectors at most oil companies , said William Randol , oil analyst for First Boston Corp . 
The lawyers also monitor suits to identify specific automobile parts that cause the biggest legal problems . 
The inflation-growth argument is an old one , but Mr. Brady , on the board or off , is surely trying to influence Fed policy . 
The previous year 's third quarter included gains on the sale of aircraft by the company 's Aviation Leasing & Services Division . 
But in recent weeks , construction-industry sources reported that early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site . 
Since its unsuccessful bid for BankAmerica Corp. in 1986 , the bank has undertaken a major restructuring in an effort to cut costs and boost performance , but many industry officials believe it may be ripe for a takeover bid , especially with interstate banking set to begin in California in 1991 . 
But while history can suggest what is reasonable to expect there 's no guarantee that the past will repeat itself . 
The federal response to California 's earthquake crisis was marred by coast-to-coast name-calling between the White House and San Francisco 's Mayor Art Agnos . 
We doubt this claim just as we doubted Mr. Shevardnadze 's assurance last year that Krasnoyarsk did n't violate the ABM treaty . 
Stock prices edged up in quiet trading Friday . 
First Iberian Fund led the percentage increases , rising to 73,100 shares from 184 . 
( Mr. Gargan 's views are not greeted with wild enthusiasm over at the IAFP , the major industry organization . 
`` There is absolutely no way our board or membership would have approved the portrayal of the Hells Angels in this movie , '' said George Christie , president of the club 's Ventura chapter . 
Con men hate snow . 
As previously reported , those sales have been declining this year in the wake of allegations that the company engaged in unfair sales practices that encouraged customers to overpurchase services . 
`` He was constantly picking up new things to fill out his experience ; he is very well-balanced , '' said Takuro Isoda , chairman of Daiwa 's U.S. unit in New York . 
A crowd estimated at 100,000 held a torch-lit march through Budapest as Acting President Szuros delivered a nationally televised address rejecting communist dominance . 
`` Many scholars are of the opinion that the mere existence of the penalty deters many people from the commission of capital crimes , '' says Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) . 
On a 394-21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure . 
Mellon Bank Corp. said directors authorized the buy-back of as many as 250,000 common shares . 
The Beebes alleged that toxic fumes from the carpets made them sick . 
The apparel holding company had sales in the quarter ended Aug. 27 of $ 1 billion , up 12 % from $ 908.8 million a year ago . 
Moreover , the two main bridges still connecting San Francisco with the East Bay did n't charge tolls , allowing traffic to zip through without stopping . 
Departing from its newspaper ads featuring prim sketches of a suit or a coat , Brooks Brothers is marketing an updated image in a new campaign that carries the slogan , `` The Surprise of Brooks Brothers . '' 
Judy Woodruff hosts this handsome four-part series about the history , economy , culture and politics of the island home of Chinese democracy and capitalism . 
Common shares outstanding : 21.6 million 
He declines to go into specifics . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.525 % 30 days ; 8.425 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
The trade report drew yet another unsettling parallel to October 1987 . 
Bethlehem said earlier this year that it planned to restructure the BethForge division to improve its cost structure . 
Here are details of yesterday 's 51-day cash management bill auction : 
Two bills in Congress hope to make such restrictions national . 
James River Corp. , Richmond , Va. , said it acquired the tissue operations of Buhrmann-Tetterode N.V. of the Netherlands for about $ 77 million . 
Needless to say , he was talking about RICO . 
No reason for the request was given . 
Meanwhile , Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario said that , to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry . 
Now , it 's Mr. Icahn 's move . 
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million . 
Such a proposal values Jaguar at more than # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.53 billion ) . 
Because the biggest growth in menswear is in casual sportswear , Brooks Brothers is chasing more of that business . 
The rapid deterioration of the Arizona thrifts only adds to the ever-swelling cost of the government 's massive thrift bailout , officially estimated at about $ 166 billion . 
Ms. McCaughey is a constitutional scholar at the Center for the Study of the Presidency in New York . 
Revenue dropped 4.3 % to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.4 billion , reflecting declines in its consumer-telephone sector , long-distance carrier business and diversified division . 
For Mr. Jones , it was just the beginning . 
Mr. Cicero said that NBC Entertainment president Brandon Tartikoff , who declined to be interviewed , is `` looking at options now and may put some things into the schedule by mid-season . '' 
Thus , in an unprecedented arrangement underscoring the seriousness of the transfer , the CBOE , the American Stock Exchange and the Options Clearing Corp. , as well as the firm 's owner , Stephen Fossett , put up a total of $ 50 million to guarantee the customer positions being transferred to the bank holding company subsidiary in case the market plunged again yesterday . 
That vote made it unlikely that a capital-gains tax cut would be included in the final bill , now being drafted by House and Senate negotiators . 
In Texas , abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on the use of public funds , personnel and facilities for abortion , and viability tests for fetuses 19 weeks and older . 
GTE officials began posting warning notices about the potential threat to exposure Wednesday morning at various places at the company , said GTE spokesman Thomas Mattausch . 
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford . 
Merieux , a vaccine manufacturer based in Lyon , France , is 51%-held by French state-owned Rhone-Poulenc S.A . 
Are consumers too deep in hock ? 
If bluebloods wo n't pay high prices for racehorses anymore , who will ? 
Most of the new additions were barely profitable , if not outright loss makers . 
Even expect stolen bases , says the wiry and fit Mr. Campaneris : `` If you know how to slide , it 's no problem , '' he says . 
Former Patterson , N.J. , principal Joe Clark was no doubt the general public 's first experience with this new breed of no-nonsense administrator . 
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands . 
Before the loan-loss addition , it said , it had operating profit of $ 10 million for the quarter . 
Metro Bank 
According to industry executives , Peter Sutherland , a former European Community commissioner from Ireland , was also a serious contender for the American Express job . 
It controls about 35 % of the affluent Marin County market across the Golden Gate bridge from San Francisco . 
Dr. Minna believes people who inherit a defective gene somewhere on one of their two copies of chromosome 3 are especially prone to lung cancer . 
Jim Beam print ads , however , strike different chords in different countries . 
Outside what essentially amounted to a bookkeeping exercise , dealers said London dealings were largely dulled by the absence of active interest beyond the market-makers . 
`` If I go in there as I normally dress , they 'd ask , ` Who is this hippie ? ' '' 
The merged agency 's admittedly ambitious goal : to become one of the world 's 10 largest agencies , while attracting more multinational clients than the agencies were able to attract alone . 
Net sales of stock funds in September totaled $ 839.4 million , down from $ 1.1 billion in August , the institute said . 
First , however , he has unfinished business . 
`` We 're not asking them to save up 50 proof-of-purchases . 
United Illuminating also amended its rate plan . 
In particular , I do not find the fact that your group of pros ' monthly selections of four stocks outperforms the market in general to be inconsistent with market efficiency . 
The bill would then declare that the debt is equity and therefore is n't deductible . 
Dayton Hudson 's repurchase offer , representing about 9 % of its common shares outstanding , had established a range of between $ 60 and $ 65 for the buy-back . 
Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc. , which should do well . 
Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , said phone volume was more than double its typical level , but still half that of Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
Despite long private sessions in both New York and Dallas , the two sides ended the week `` 6,000 miles and many dollars apart , '' according to attorney Hugh Ray , who represents Manufacturers Hanover . 
Mr. Gonzalez also has split with the left in reaffirming Spain 's NATO commitment and in renewing a defense treaty with the U.S. . 
The $ 82.8 million of Series B bonds , which are n't subject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 6.85 % in 2000 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
The health-care company said it expects the refund to be included in the first quarter ending Nov. 30 . 
There have been rumblings that , at long last , changes may be in the works . 
They question if Drexel is getting easier treatment than the many small penny-stock firms whose brokerage licenses are routinely revoked . 
But even that goal may prove optimistic . 
In 1987 , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters contributed their company 's assets in exchange for a 28 % stake in Barris Entertainment , a small-fry TV production company controlled by Giant Industries Inc. Chairman Burt Sugarman . 
The public sector borrowing requirement , the most widely used measure of Britain 's government deficit or surplus , showed a deficit of # 200 million in September , compared with a deficit of # 765 million in August and a deficit of # 1.08 billion in September 1988 , the Treasury said . 
Banco Popular , meanwhile , dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 . 
Both posts had been vacant . 
Merck & Co . 
Dr. Leigh Thompson , a Lilly group vice president , said the company 's clinical trials of both its animal and human-based insulins indicated no difference in the level of hypoglycemia between users of either product . 
Last Friday , he told the staff of Ms. that the magazine in January would begin publishing without advertising . 
When the Supreme Soviet passed laws on workers ' rights in May 1987 and on self-managing cooperatives a year later , some Western observers assumed Mikhail Gorbachev had launched the Soviet Union on a course that would lead inevitably to the creation of a market economy . 
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers . 
`` Tivoli Motel , '' I read a sign in the usual pronunciation of the name as we whoosh through . 
If the White House is looking for another unconstitutional bill , Rep. John Dingell is trying again to raise the Fairness Doctrine from the dead . 
In the third paragraph it referred to the senators seeking loophole suggestions from lobbyists for various sectors of the economy . 
The industry 's slowdown became apparent this month when AMR Corp. , parent of American Airlines , reported an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said its fourth quarter would be `` disappointing . '' 
He added that he expects to make a recommendation within a few weeks on whether MiniScribe should file its own lawsuits against former company officers and directors . 
`` I love Pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly , '' says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president . 
Mattel said the company 's sale of rights to land and buildings at its Hawthorne , Calif. , headquarters resulted in a $ 13 million charge to third-quarter operating profit . 
Barbara Hackman Franklin , president of Franklin Associates , was elected a director of this building products maker . 
The French Economics Ministry approved a planned asset swap between the defense and electronics group Thomson-CSF S.A. and the bank group Credit Lyonnais . 
Under details of the accord , Credit Lyonnais will take slightly more than 50 % of Thomson-CSF Finance in exchange for about 14 % of its own shares . 
PS of New Hampshire amended its plan to call for two years of 5.5 % rate increases followed by five years of 4.5 % increases . 
In the current mood of the Japanese people , journalists and even some industrialists , giving power to the Socialists might be good for the LDP , cleansing it of past sins . 
Such orders can have a wide-ranging impact on third parties who do business with the defendants , including clients , vendors , banks , investors , creditors , dependents , and others . 
In any event , some people familiar with the case question whether the court will act by January as forecast by Mr. Lorenzo and Mr. Bakes . 
NBC broadcast throughout the entire night and did not go off the air until noon yesterday . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the chemicals company had net of $ 49.8 million , or 75 cents a share . 
A higher proportion of black men smoke than white men . 
Merieux officials said last week that they are `` highly confident '' the offer will be approved once it submits details of its proposed investments to federal regulators . 
The merger should also allow the companies to reduce costs by combining operations in many locations in Puerto Rico . 
The Association of Outplacement Consulting Firms says the industry 's volume has soared tenfold since 1980 , to $ 350 million a year ... . 
Closed End Bond Funds 
Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares . 
`` The hardest thing in any complex case is to retain objectivity and , in some sense , your ignorance , '' says Mr. Boies of Cravath , Swaine & Moore . 
For the rest of 1989 , Mr. Hagen said , Conrail 's traffic and revenue `` will reflect the sluggish economy , but Conrail will continue to take steps to control and reduce costs . '' 
`` Low P-E '' stocks , he says , vastly outperform others `` during a recession or bear market . '' 
I think it 's a little disingenuous to be surprised that Fidel does n't invite the U.S. State Department to violate the jurisdiction of the Cuban government over its own territory . 
`` The slowdown is taking hold a lot more quickly and devastatingly than anyone had expected . '' 
The league 's promoters hope retirees and tourists will join die-hard fans like Mr. de Castro and pack the stands to see the seniors . 
Upping the ante could slow economic development even further , as countries delay market-opening steps in anticipation of richer multilateral support . 
The telecommunications , specialty glass , ceramic products and laboratory-services concern said the latest quarter included a tax-loss carry-forward of $ 600,000 . 
The administration proposed only $ 57 million in so-called economic support funds for Costa Rica this year , down from the $ 90 million the U.S. provided last year . 
He forecasts that the emphasis in mergers and acquisitions may soon return to what he calls `` strategic deals , in which somebody is taking over a company not to milk the cash flow , but because it 's a good fit . '' 
Patrician , dynamic Scott Thatcher , founder and head of PegaSys , initially finds the takeover threat risible . 
`` People in this business have been insulated , '' says Josh Pons , a horse breeder from Bel Air , Md . 
Analysts have been expecting a GM-Jaguar pact that would give the U.S. car maker an eventual 30 % stake in the British company and create joint ventures that would produce an executive-model range of cars . 
`` People are breathing a major sigh of relief that the world did n't end Monday morning '' or yesterday . 
Lawrence M. Gressette Jr. , president , was elected to the additional posts of chairman and chief executive officer of this utility holding company , effective Feb. 1 , 1990 . 
After last Friday 's stock-market plunge , investment professionals cautioned people to resist the urge to call their brokers and sell stocks . 
J. Michael Cook , chairman of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells International , said he believes the legal action by the British firm `` to be without merit . '' 
According to the report , completed last month , if China 's trade gap continues to widen at the pace seen in the first seven months of this year , the reserves would be wiped out either in 1990 or 1991 . 
Foiled in their effort to get a national ban , the egg producers turned their attention to the states . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
But if the market moves quickly enough , it may be impossible for the broker to carry out the order because the investment has passed the specified price . 
The executives did n't disclose the size of the expected gain . 
( Its scare-tactic prediction : the pill `` will be available in the U.S. , either legally or illegally , in no more than 2-5 years . '' ) 
The revision follows last month 's withdrawal of a $ 400 million junk-bond offering for the new casino company , Aztar Corp . 
In Michigan , where the state Senate is expected to approve parental-consent legislation by the end of next week , Gov. Blanchard is the principal obstacle for anti-abortionists . 
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home . 
Structural steel , which primarily serves the construction market , was especially hurt by a 15 % price drop , Mr. Bradford said . 
Ways and Means veteran Gephardt ( D. , Mo . ) moves to the House Budget Committee ; Rep. Cardin ( D. , Md . ) replaces him ... . 
The bank is now aggressively marketing retail services at its domestic branches . 
Like West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , he represents the postwar generation that has grown up during Germany 's division . 
Fortunately , volunteers and charities are not motivated by self-interest , but by altruism . 
The company 's domestic business , especially its household products division , has performed poorly for years . 
Nobody yet seems to have calculated the total number of slot machines , crap tables or roulette wheels Las Vegas will add to the enormous store that Lady Luck already guards here , much less the ultimate impact of the growth on schools and municipal services . 
All told , there are assets on the line valued at up to $ 1.03 billion . 
The operating territory includes coal terminals on the Ohio River and in Newport News , Va . 
The Miami fast-food chain , owned by Grand Metropolitan of Britain , expects to consume roughly 34 million pounds of liquefied eggs annually . 
The sell signal , which sent a bearish chill through the stock market , came when Renaissance 's computer found that stocks were overpriced compared with bonds and Treasury bills . 
About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp. credit squeeze . 
In Hugo 's wake , Congress allocated $ 1.1 billion in relief funds , and White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said $ 273 million of that money remains and could be diverted for quick expenditures related to the earthquake . 
`` The name Classic Coke has tremendous value , and they have n't merchandised that name before , '' says Jesse Meyers , publisher of the trade journal Beverage Digest . 
For the future , he said he would run for governor of Florida . 
Sony Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. and Digital Equipment have agreed to sell MIPS computers and companies such as Japan 's NEC Corp. and West Germany 's Siemens A.G. have agreed to make Mips chips under license . 
He savored the humor of his uncombed appearance among these buttoned-up chaps . 
France 's national tobacco company , known for making brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes , is branching out . 
While she works inside , a tenant returns with several friends to collect furniture and clothing . 
-- Edward F. Dempsey . 
In the period ended Sept. 30 , net income rose 90 % to 31.18 billion yen , or 9.34 yen a share , from 16.38 billion yen , or 5.05 yen a share . 
`` We 're shocked by it , because it 's worked so fast , '' said Dr. Thomas E. Starzl , director of the University of Pittsburgh Transplantation Program , at a news conference here yesterday . 
Shimson Gottesfeld of Los Alamos National Laboratory said researchers there detected a burst of neutrons from an early cold fusion experiment last April but decided not to announce it until they could confirm it . 
It is an intentionally vague document that will create a wave of litigation . 
Mr. Mason left the campaign after telling reporters Mr. Dinkins is `` a fancy'shvartzer ' with a moustache . '' 
That 's because computers do most of the work , and low trading activity keeps a lid on commission costs . 
Banks indicated they were operating at greater than 90 % of their usual capacity , but a Nob Hill hotel said tourists had fled , leaving the previously full hotel with an 80 % vacancy rate . 
Brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises now make up just 40 % of the French tobacco market , half the level of about two decades ago . 
-- It is generally desirable to use older textbooks -- many of them , alas , out of print -- rather than newer ones . 
Officials declined to disclose the value of the transaction or the exact stake that GRE will hold in Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents . 
Not likely , I think . 
And neither can your pilot . 
Although he says he was n't keen on going , last year he attended a New York gala where his daughter made her debut . 
He says the handful of salmonella cases involving products that may have used eggs broken by an Egg King stemmed from a failure to adequately cook the products . 
A Salomon spokesman said its stock , bond and foreign exchange trading , as well as its investment banking operations , were mostly responsible for the earnings jump . 
Indeed , during Mr. Breeden 's confirmation hearing last month , senators asked him to introduce his children three separate times -- more often than they asked about his qualifications for the job . 
Other , as yet unnamed , cities will follow . 
While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was approving increased income and sales taxes at home and overseeing a near doubling in the size of New Jersey 's budget in his eight years in office . 
All have paid off for me in double-digit annual growth and continue to provide significant potential . 
There was also a decline in the group 's net financial costs to 25 million francs from 50 million a year before . 
Mr. Sukle says he would n't dream of participating himself : 
A whole morning of ballooning and I had been off the ground barely 30 minutes . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
For Mr. Jones , losing his quarterback temporarily was just the latest in a string of setbacks that has beset the Dallas Cowboys -- and , this year , much of the National Football League . 
Drexel pleaded guilty in September to six felony counts of securities and mail fraud ; it also made a $ 650 million civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The South Atlantic States were the only region to report an increase in bankruptcies , up 5.3 % to 5,791 from 5,502 . 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena , Singapore branch ( Italian parent ) , via the Law Debenture Trust Corp. -- 
John W. Rush 
Still , any change in East Germany has enormous implications , for both East and West . 
The group currently holds 3,027,330 Rally 's shares , or 45.2 % of its commmon shares outstanding . 
Since the start of the decade , lift-ticket sales have grown only 3 % a year on average , compared with 16 % annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s . 
They pay interest only for 115 months , with principal payments beginning thereafter . 
`` The figures today add further evidence to support the view that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has essentially stalled out at a level of about a $ 110 billion annual rate , '' said Jeffrey Scott , a research fellow at the Institute for International Economics here . 
Thousands of chemical products were categorized as carcinogenic , with recommendations that they be banned from industrial use because they produced malignant tumors in overdosed rats . 
In other words , economic growth would be lower and unemployment would be higher for a few years . 
A big pension-insurance case will be reviewed by the Supreme Court . 
The pilots were meeting outside Chicago yesterday . 
As a result , BankAmerica said its reserve against troubled foreign-country loans , once below 25 % , now amounts to 45 % of the $ 6.4 billion of non-trade debt it calculates it is owed by those nations . 
But Compaq had achieved that level of sales faster than any previous manufacturing start-up . 
`` Measure for Measure '' is one of Shakespeare 's `` problem '' plays , so named because it does not fit neatly into a category such as tragedy , comedy or history . 
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices . 
Some U.S. products are filtering into the Soviet market under an emergency import program . 
The S&P 500 futures contract , which moves in fractions of an index point under normal conditions , jumped two to three points in seconds early yesterday after an initial downturn , then moved strongly higher the rest of the day . 
Mr. Engelken and Mr. Thomson drifted in different directions in the subsequent years , and the Polo Grounds , located under Coogan 's Bluff in upper Manhattan , was replaced by a public-housing project . 
Chiron , another pharmaceutical concern , is based in Emeryville , Calif . 
SHEVARDNADZE ADMITTED that Moscow violated the 1972 ABM treaty . 
The Delicious hegemony wo n't end anytime soon . 
A trader at Yamaichi Securities said the market 's mood was undercut by the continuing fall of Nippon Telegraph & Telephone shares , which declined to their lowest level since the begining of this year . 
Nothing much has changed -- My periodic scares Are still from hostile animals , Only now , they 're bulls and bears . 
Delivery is to begin in early 1991 . 
They added that `` all of us ( Cocom members ) look at the changes in Hungary and Poland in a positive way , but a question of this scope deserves further discussion and study . '' 
`` I will sit down and talk some of the problems out , but take on the political system ? Uh-uh , '' he says with a shake of the head . 
`` We 're just recovering and getting back to business as usual . 
In an attempt to persuade investors that his bid was n't just `` a stock play , '' Mr. Trump promised last week to notify the market before selling any shares . 
According to the officials , Mr. Bush even read to the senators selections from a highly classified letter from the committee to the White House discussing the guidelines . 
It is n't a current topic of conversation at the company , '' said Barry Diller , chairman and chief executive officer of the Fox Inc. unit of News Corp . 
The French building group Dumez S.A. said profit jumped 70 % in the first half of 1989 , partly on the strength of nonrecurring gains from a share issue by its Canadian unit . 
Mr. Lloyd said both Qintex Entertainment and Qintex Australia had attempted to secure a loan that would allow the company to make the $ 5.9 million payment but the request was turned down by an unidentified lender on Oct. 14 . 
The real estate investment trust said that it leased the three Florida facilities to National Health Care Affiliates Inc. of Buffalo , N.Y . 
Each defendant faces a possible sentence of 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines . 
`` They are always the first to be sold when people are taking profits , because people are most scared of the high-technology stocks , '' said Robin West , director of research for Ladenburg Thalmann 's Lanyi division , which specializes in emerging growth stocks . 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. said it sent a letter to LIN Broadcasting Corp. clarifying its revised tender offer for LIN and asking LIN to conduct `` a fair auction . '' 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Lower component costs -- especially for DRAMs , or dynamic random access memory chips -- were cited for the easing of margin pressure on the company , a spokeswoman said . 
Canada 's gross domestic product rose an inflation-adjusted 0.3 % in August , mainly as a result of service-industry growth , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
Ms. Smith also agreed to a permanent injunction barring her from acting as an officer , director or investment adviser of any mutual fund , unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company . 
It also allows people to buy the best and the cheapest goods from anywhere in the world . 
`` We certainly do have a lack of liquidity here , and it 's something to be concerned about , '' says James A. Gregoire , a managing director . 
In the 1988 quarter , many farmers were forced to sell their cattle to feedlot operators because the drought dried out the pasture on their ranches . 
At first glance , gold and utilities seem strange bedfellows . 
In yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly included with a list of New York chains up for sale . 
The theory is that the stadium , damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , will be repaired by then , and that people will be able to get there . 
While advertisers have long appealed to Texans ' state pride and prejudices , the latest trend has been sparked , in part , by the state 's recent hard economic times . 
`` And yet his company is one reason why rights are so high today . '' 
EAST GERMANS RALLIED in three cities to demand democratic freedoms . 
The experts said they expected Eastern would have to issue new debt to cover its costs , and that it would generate far less cash than anticipated . 
The HUD scandals will simply continue , but under new mismanagement . 
While a few assets are still being shopped -- including the sports and entertainment ticketing portion of the company 's Ticketron unit -- Mr. Price said future restructuring would be a question of strategy . 
As Ruth , Moira Harris , a large and beautiful woman who may be our next Colleen Dewhurst , begins almost immediately to overpower each of the men . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
Even while they move outside their traditional tony circle , racehorse owners still try to capitalize on the elan of the sport . 
Families that do not need the loan can make money simply by putting the loan in the bank and paying it back when the student graduates . 
Several other banks have similar applications pending . 
Homerun = jonron . 
Economists predict the report will show economic growth of about 2.5 % in the third quarter , which would have little effect on financial markets . 
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per-capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore . 
That was the New York Stock Exchange 's blooper . 
He said no discussions currently are taking place between the two companies . 
Before , callers of 900 numbers would just listen and not talk , or they 'd vote `` yes '' or `` no '' by calling one of two numbers . 
These are not certain , either . 
Chevron added 1 to 65 . 
Earthquake 's Damage 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Most of the telephone problems in the immediate aftermath stemmed from congestion . 
Citing current stock market conditions and the trend away from highly leveraged transactions , Grimm said it was n't certain that the total value of transactions for the year will exceed the record $ 247 billion in 1988 . 
Sen. Pete Domenici ( R. , N.M. ) , the ranking Republican on the Senate Budget Committee , used his influence to preserve more than $ 132,000 in subsidies for air service to Sante Fe , N.M. , and more than $ 2.1 million would go for service to eight communities in the western Nebraska district of GOP Rep. Virginia Smith on the House Appropriations Committee . 
The meeting offered stark evidence of a dramatic fall in scientific interest in cold fusion research . 
David Lindsey , chairman of the Fat Tire Bike celebration , muses that the bike 's popularity may be a combination of technology and nostalgia . 
Value of the properties and management interests was n't disclosed . 
Texaco has also been attempting to sell oil properties . 
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million . 
P&G , in particular , rarely rolls out a product nationally before extensive test-marketing . 
October is a critical month for the privatization program . 
It just is n't done . 
Eighteen people pack the house 's two rooms -- the Chans , four of their 10 children with spouses , and eight of 22 grandchildren . 
And Georgia-Pacific could save money in selling pulp , because the company uses its own sales organization while Nekoosa employs higher-cost agents . 
Amdura Corp. said its bank group , led by Chicago-based Continental Bank , agreed to extend its $ 40 million bridge loan until March 31 , 1990 , and gave it a new $ 30 million credit line . 
Some said Friday 's market debacle had given Mr. Trump an excuse to bail out of an offer that showed signs of stalling even before problems emerged with the UAL deal . 
The company 's shares began trading at 12 1\/2 , up from its initial offering price of 12 , and closed at 13 . 
Coors is hoping to become one of the first companies to distribute bottled water nationwide . 
When Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had taken steps to have Mr. Laff killed , the witness again said no . 
New entitlements tend to grow , creating a rationale for new taxes . 
Indeed , it would be irresponsible to ignore such sources of information . '' 
The writer and executive producer of `` Settle the Score , '' Steve Sohmer , is a graduate of Yale who participated in a PBS documentary , aired this summer , in which six members of the Yale class of 1963 ruminated about their lives since graduation . 
Earlier this week , Genetics Institute reported wider losses in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug. 31 . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery jumped $ 3.20 to $ 370.20 an ounce . 
The consensus view calls for an overall job gain of 155,000 compared with September 's 209,000 increase . 
The biotechnology concern said Spanish authorities must still clear the price for the treatment , but that it expects to receive such approval by year end . 
For every dollar earned over $ 8,880 , Social Security recipients lose 50 cents of their Social Security benefits ; it 's like a 50 % marginal tax . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 378.87 an ounce . 
Rep. Bates said he would write the letters as ordered . 
But the lack of lines became painfully apparent . 
Apple earned $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share , in the quarter , including $ 48 million from the sale of its Adobe Systems stock . 
Mr. Lang feels that Time 's priorities changed . 
`` The few million dollars I could lose today is nothing against what I could lose on the spring line , '' says Mr. Levy , who estimates that Campeau stores will sell $ 25 million worth of his clothes this year . 
Last week , ABC unseated General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. unit as the No. 1 network , as rated by A.C. Nielsen Co . 
John C. Holt , an executive vice president and Dun & Bradstreet director , sold 10,000 shares on Aug. 31 for $ 588,800 , filings show . 
I think a few of the aftershocks might just be my body shaking . 
Now , they 're charging as little $ 3 a day . 
Mazda makes the Tracer for Ford . 
Under the plan , the companies will use Calgene 's patented technology to encapsulate microbes such as Bacillus subtilis , a bacterium , to enhance their biological activity against plant diseases . 
`` But I 'm recognizing there 's a good chance they 'll do a bit better than that , '' she says . 
They argue that weakness in both the yen and sterling have helped offset bearish U.S. economic news and have lent support to the dollar . 
They are starting to buy growth stocks . 
Opponents say Mr. Thornburgh 's plan will needlessly break up longtime , tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures . 
In addition , the coalition of labor and management , longtime enemies who joined forces only under the threat of Mr. Davis 's bid , could break apart now . 
And in that case , the investor misses out on any major upside gain . 
And the generally frail condition of Arizona 's lenders means there is little capital available in the state to shore up the economy and slow down the slide . 
Many brokerage house officials also are optimistic . 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service-center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit . 
GM is expected to inject roughly # 200 million ( $ 316 million ) by acquiring some Jaguar shares , and then win Jaguar management 's promise of an eventual 30 % stake . 
Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for just 1 % of the patient population and hence a small part of the large and lucrative market . 
In practice , however , the line between interpretation and redefinition of the criminal law long ago began to blur . 
The council 's report is based on data the trade group buys from the U.S. Census Bureau . 
There were rumors of $ 148-a-share trades . 
Still , 20 Japanese companies , including giants such as Sanyo Industries Corp. , Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. and Sony Corp. have set up shop in the state of Northern Baja California . 
Philip Morris slipped 1\/2 to 43 7\/8 , while Sara Lee closed unchanged at 60 1\/8 . 
This time , it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as though it were a child 's toy block that was being tossed . 
`` People see activity in there , and the next thing you know , you 've got a haunting , '' he says . 
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment . 
Courtaulds PLC announced plans to spin off its textiles operations to existing shareholders in a restructuring to boost shareholder value . 
Credit policy should separate these two competing objectives and eliminate aspects that provide the subsidy . 
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male-sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop . 
`` We 're not out of the woods yet by any means , '' said George R. Mateyo , president and chief executive of Carnegie Capital Management Co. , Cleveland . 
The board will be made up of seven directors of each holding company . 
Although the proposal must be approved by federal Judge Harold C. Abramson , W. Herbert Hunt has agreed to the Peruvian mineral concern 's proposal . 
`` There may not be as many and the buyers may not get away with some of the things they 've done in the past , but deals wo n't disappear . '' 
For the nine months , net of $ 38.5 million , or 92 cents a share , trailed the year earlier 's $ 49.9 million , or $ 1.08 a share . 
A decision is n't expected until some time next year . 
Continental 's logic : It does n't want business companions abusing the promotion by falsely claiming to be related . 
`` Why should I bother with something that 's an unknown for a very small pickup in yield ? '' he said . 
A Genentech spokeswoman said the agreement calls for Hoechst to promote TPA for heart patients and streptokinase for other clot-reducing purposes . 
Lawyers close to the case said they believed the ruling was unprecedented . 
The company attributed the decline to consumers ' concern over interest rates and gas prices -- two key expenses for RV buyers . 
The evening ended with Mr. Glass 's `` Metamorphosis , '' another multiple work . 
Meanwhile , non-performing assets rose to $ 593 million from $ 518.7 million . 
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found . 
`` I do n't think Kellogg can get back to 40 % this year , '' he said . 
Inexplicably costumed as a rabbinical student , tottering around on lifts , Mr. Shicoff hardly seemed the fellow to catch a fancy cocotte 's eye . 
The charities regularly sell used stamps , which they collect from children and other donors , to raise funds . 
House and Senate appropriators sought to establish a Nov. 30 deadline after which their bill would become the last word on how funds are distributed . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera says the union 's sacrifices will be offset by a wage and benefit package that amounts to a 22 % increase in compensation . 
Black & Decker Corp. said it agreed to sell its Bostik chemical adhesives unit to Orkem S.A. , a French chemical company , for $ 345 million . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index gained 0.03 to 347.16 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 0.02 to 325.50 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.05 to 192.12 . 
White House aides said that although they made a small compromise on the length of a training wage , the final minimum-wage increase will meet the standards set by Mr. Bush . 
White House aides know it 's a step that ca n't be taken lightly -- and for that reason , the president may back down from launching a test case this year . 
Analysts were most unsettled by evidence the backlog of orders at factories is slipping . 
Doing business with the Russians , once the pursuit of a handful of hardened veterans , has become the goal of such major companies as General Motors Corp. , Federal Express Corp. and Procter & Gamble Co. , as well as a cluster of smaller firms . 
`` He 's a very tough man , but one who 's also open to arguments , '' adds an aide to West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl . 
Prudential-Bache 's Mr. Rodgers said he does n't see the industry 's capacity-expansion program hindering takeover activity . 
For the week the Dow Jones Industrial Average sank 92.42 points , or 3.4 % . 
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then-21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two-thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox . 
Genentech 's 1988 sales were $ 335 million , both from licensing and its own products . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Much of the money goes into subsidies or keeping inefficient state-controlled companies operating . 
-- If the stock goes up in price between now and the put 's expiration date , the put will probably expire worthless . 
A company spokesman said it was `` possible , but highly unlikely , '' that the plant might never be built . 
The additions solidify American 's position as the third-largest U.S. transatlantic carrier , behind PanAm Corp. 's Pan American World Airways and Trans World Airlines . 
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange . 
Alternatively , a separate engine plant may be built as part of GM 's planned tie-up with the British luxury car maker , the sources said . 
UAL Corp. 's board quashed any prospects for an immediate revival of a labor-management buy-out , saying United Airlines ' parent should remain independent for now . 
The debentures may be converted into common stock of the Westborough , Mass. , home health care concern at $ 52.50 a share . 
NEC Corp. said it plans to more than double its British subsidiary 's capacity for the production of semiconductor wafers . 
Aer Rianta already has so many ventures with Aeroflot that its chief executive is studying Russian . 
The committee has two groups of experts it calls on to analyze Eastern 's plans . 
LAWYERS IN Texas 's biggest bank-fraud case want out in face of retrial . 
It was a profoundly moving moment for series television , and Robert Loggia 's acting resonated in the silence . 
Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $ 50,000 than they can on deposits of $ 90,000 and up . 
It freezes the budget at its current level , and forces the Pentagon to eat the effects of inflation until 1994 . 
The bonds are expected to have a 14 1\/2 % coupon rate . 
So after all the prosecutorial hoopla no one has established what , if anything , Drexel did wrong . 
United Air 's parent may have to pay as much as $ 53.7 million to the labor-management buy-out group for fees and expenses incurred in their failed $ 6.79 billion takeover bid . 
Those employed in state-funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said . 
The water destroyed about $ 75 million in currency and caked $ 4 million of coins with mud , rendering them dangerous to counting machines . 
What we have before us now is essentially the same program but with more resources plowed into all of the efforts to enforce and control . 
Police in Yugoslavia dispersed about 1,000 ethnic Albanians who were protesting the trial of the former Communist Party chief of the southern province of Kosovo . 
Qintex Entertainment dropped 2 5\/8 to 1 1\/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for itself and its two operating subsidiaries , Hal Roach Studios and Qintex Productions . 
Although the rate briefly drifted even lower following the stock market sell-off that occurred Oct. 13 , it ended Friday at about 8 11\/16 % . 
Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles , and produced 570,000 cars and trucks at its factories in North America , Europe and Australia . 
`` Japan 's markets are more stable , '' he said . 
But Mr. Luzon has moved swiftly to streamline bureaucracy , cut costs , increase capital and build up new areas of business . 
Holiday said its 15 % notes due 1992 also will be included in the tender offer and consent solicitation at a price to be determined by Holiday prior to the commencement of the offer . 
`` The report provides detailed documentation of the extent and nature of the problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , '' said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey and a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy . 
The division had only minor damage at its Sunnyvale headquarters and plant in Palo Altos , and no delays in deliveries are expected . 
London has concluded that Austrian President Waldheim was n't responsible for the execution of six British commandos in World War II , although he probably was aware of the slayings . 
However , he noted that steel mill bookings are up from early summer levels , and that he expects the company to improve its cost performance in the fourth quarter . 
For the nine months , TRW 's net was $ 199 million , or $ 3.22 a share , down 3 % from $ 205 million , or $ 3.33 a share , a year earlier . 
Thus have Charles Colson and Jeb Magruder launched successful post-Watergate careers at the pulpit . 
In the first 25 minutes after his office 's telephone service was restored yesterday morning , 17 potential clients had called seeking the services of the self-proclaimed King of Torts . 
The impact on Japanese insurers and property owners with interests in the San Francisco area is still being assessed , they said . 
But the Unice official said that producing a charter acceptable to both Britain and European industry is n't an unattainable goal . 
Avoiding failure is easy . 
The New York court also upheld a state law , passed in 1986 , extending for one year the statute of limitations on filing DES lawsuits . 
The offers come as Saatchi is struggling through the most troubled period in its 19-year history . 
Others analyze the data . 
Earnings included a one-time gain of $ 192 million on a property transaction in Hong Kong . 
Rather than renovate the Crusaders , which Dassault is proposing to do for around 1.8 billion French francs ( $ 286.6 million ) , Adm. Goupil said the navy wants to buy used F-18s from the U.S. Navy . 
The stock slid $ 1.875 on more than four times average daily volume . 
GM and Ford are expected to go head to head in the markets to buy up rival 15 % stakes in Jaguar . 
He farms 12 acres in Grabowiec , two miles from the Soviet border in one of Poland 's poorest places . 
Salespeople try to push their products and avoid discussions of finances . 
Aussedat Rey 's move follows similar technology-licensing agreements between Japanese producers of thermal paper and European paper groups . 
Nevertheless , the Bush administration agreed to the dubious arrangement in July , a few weeks before the Central American presidents met in Tela , Honduras , to discuss a timetable for disbanding the anti-Sandinista rebels . 
Stunned , Mr. Breeden turned to his market-monitoring computer , which by then was next to his desk . 
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully . 
The sales recovery screeched to a halt this month , some analysts say . 
The lowly agent , Abel Lamb , who as you might guess , is being led to the slaughter , is ordered to take over the studio . 
The board is n't proposing a slate of its own and the other four current directors do n't want to serve beyond the special meeting date , Newport said . 
His latest coup : September 's masterminding of the five billion Swiss-franc ( $ 3.07 billion ) merger between Adia S.A. , the world 's second-largest temporary employment agency , and Inspectorate International S.A. , a Rey-controlled product-inspection company . 
But for brain tests , the unwieldy machines `` would have required patients to stand on their heads , '' says Reginald Bickford , a researcher at the University of California at San Diego . 
The House action yesterday came as the Senate remained mired in difficulties over a $ 17.25 billion measure covering the budgets for the State , Commerce , and Justice departments in fiscal 1990 . 
`` We do n't need cartoons anymore . 
Roberto Morelli , Italy analyst for County Natwest Securities in London , said that right now `` the market is n't being influenced by that kind of news , '' referring to the conditional nature of the talks mentioned by Mr. Reuter and by the uncertainty surrounding world stock exchanges this week . 
But Nora and Malcolm feel trapped . 
Eagle Financial Corp. and Webster Financial Corp. , two Connecticut savings bank-holding companies , agreed to merge in a tax-free stock transaction . 
But that 's less than Chrysler officials had hoped when they set ambitious production schedules for the Toledo plant earlier this year . 
Federal Paper Board Co. said it completed the previously announced purchase of Imperial Cup Corp. , a closely held maker of paper cups based in Kenton , Ohio . 
As a result of the partial sale and spinoff , the $ 56 billion California Public Employees Retirement System would obtain two seats on the board of the real estate operation , according to officials of the fund , who described the plan . 
And he added that manufactured goods exports are still rising . 
As a result of the refinancing , the company said the interest on the debt will fall to slightly more than 11 % from slightly more than 14 % . 
Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Amsterdam , lower in Zurich , Stockholm and Milan , mixed in Brussels and unchanged in Paris . 
I take advantage of this opportunity given to me by The Wall Street Journal to make a plea to the millions of readers of this newspaper , to become soldiers dedicated to the fight against the use of drugs . 
It says that despite loose regulation of the market itself , its longstanding regulation of industry will prevent such crashes . 
As the Chinese have shown and the Soviets are learning , family farms thrive where collectives fail . 
A loss -- after insurance recoveries -- is deductible only to the extent that it exceeds $ 100 and that the year 's total losses exceed 10 % of adjusted gross income ; victims may pick the year when income is lower and deductions higher . 
Its shares added 3\/4 to 30 3\/4 . 
Lawrence B. Seidman , 41 years old , was named chairman of this savings and loan institution . 
The stock market reacted strongly to the news . 
Cathay has long stated its desire to double its weekly flights into China to 14 , and it is applying to restart long-canceled flights into Vietnam . 
Then , two days before receiving an endorsement from environmental groups , Mr. Dinkins promised he would issue a three-year moratorium on construction of garbage-incinerator plants . 
An estimated $ 1.32 billion is provided for next year 's census , and negotiators stripped a Senate-passed rider seeking to block the counting of illegal aliens . 
Markets -- 
The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey found that 53 % of today 's car buyers tend to switch brands . 
But most lawyers accept that the marketplace has spoken . 
Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes . 
Jeffry Thal , a publicity agent for the Lantz Office in Los Angeles , warns that dropping the wrong name labels the dropper as a fake and a fraud . 
Instead , Mr. Bush and his aides made it clear they respected Congress 's role and felt they could work with the conservative Mr. Boren and the moderate Mr. Cohen to iron out their differences . 
`` The decision to distribute machetes at this time , which could be used as weapons , is under review , '' said a U.N. spokesman ... . 
Still , there was a breakthrough at Geneva . 
For more than 50 years , it has been the apple of our eye . 
He added B.A.T `` has no expectation of a material impact on Farmers . 
`` The last few days will surely slow down the pace of events , '' says Scottish Amicable 's Mr. Gilchrist . 
There are die-hard bodies , of course . 
In the case of Beatrice , Salomon Brothers Inc. is considering restructuring the reset mechanism on the $ 200 million portion of the offering . 
`` Due to the earthquake in San Francisco , Nissan is donating its commercial air time to broadcast American Red Cross Emergency Relief messages . 
The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . 
The company also faces delisting by the National Association of Securities Dealers . 
The Japanese have watched the Europeans and Canadians stumble in the U.S. market , and they fret that business practices that have won them huge profits at home wo n't translate into success in the U.S. . 
Mr. Pilson 's `` Major Events '' strategy jelled after Mr. Tisch took over . 
The plant was evacuated and workers sent home . 
This occurred partly because of more competition as the number of new businesses surged . 
Now he can go further . 
`` I still think the woman has the right to do with her body as she pleases , '' he says . 
There have been three days of hot , wind-swept rain , and now with the first sun we are after speckled seatrout , which with redfish provides most of the game fishing hereabouts . 
At the ritzy Fashion Island Shopping Center , the tanned and elegant ladies of this wealthy Southern California beach community disembark from their Mercedes-Benzes and BMWs for another day of exercising their credit cards . 
And when Mr. Engelken asked him why he took time off from work for somebody he did n't even know , Bobby Thomson replied : `` You know , Albert , if you have the chance in life to make somebody this happy , you have an obligation to do it . '' 
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto-based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator . 
`` We are still only half way through the turnaround of this company , and there are many more things to do , '' President Kume says . 
If Integrated regains the unit , it would receive any profit the unit reports , even while the unit is independent . 
Served up as a solo , however , the music lacks the resonance provided by a context within another medium . 
More recently , he negotiated `` indemnification '' clauses in which an ad agency in some cases must pay a client if it drops the account . 
`` Ninety percent of Mort 's old show fits into our style , '' said Mr. Eskridge . 
No amount of weasling could have saved this game for D.T . 
The issue has an expected final maturity date of 1998 . 
At the new rate , that would give them about $ 30 to travel on . 
Anthony Wang , president , attributed the drop to the disruption of the company 's business resulting from the prolonged process of acquiring Cullinet . 
The chips use materials , such as lead zirconate titanate , to form microscopic switches that retain their data without electricity . 
`` I feel better than I ever have in my life , '' he says . 
In an interview with the Washington Post in early October , the secretary said the Fed may be slightly more interested in curbing inflation than the administration is , while the administration may put slightly more emphasis on spurring economic growth . 
Mr. Mark attributed the earnings growth to strong sales in Latin America , Asia and Europe . 
Elsewhere in Europe , share prices closed higher in Stockholm , Brussels and Milan . 
In recent months , they say , there has been heavy selling of junk bonds by some of the market 's traditional investors , while new buyers have n't materialized to replace them . 
Additionally , the bank is increasing its loan-loss reserves for the third quarter by $ 8.5 million before taxes . 
But General Motors dropped 1 7\/8 to 44 7\/8 . 
The Bonanza franchise system , which generates about $ 600 million in sales annually , represented substantially all of the partnership 's assets . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 5\/8 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the Street and capped upward price movement in the sector . 
The Treasury said it plans to sell $ 2 billion of 51-day cash-management bills today , raising all new cash . 
Nearly two months after saying it had been the victim of widespread fraud , MiniScribe Corp. disclosed it had a negative net worth of $ 88 million as of July 2 and hinted that it might be forced to file for protection under bankruptcy laws . 
Nissan had record net income of 114.63 billion yen ( $ 868 million ) in the fiscal year ended last March 31 , a remarkable recovery from the 20.39 billion yen of two years earlier , when the company lost money on operations . 
It is n't ... . 
Mr. Crary said testimony by Kodak 's patent counsel , Francis T. Carr of Kenyon & Kenyon , showed that `` he worked with Kodak continuously from the outset of the project '' in an effort to avoid infringement . 
He wants stocks whose price\/earnings ratio is less than their growth rate ; as he figures it , H&R Block does n't even come close . 
Both companies declined to comment on the rumors , but several industry analysts told the Professional Investor Report they believed it was plausible that Pennzoil may be buying Chevron shares as a prelude to pushing for a restructuring of the company . 
Exxon said in its suit that it will seek reimbursement from the state for that part of the cleanup costs and damage claims it says resulted from the state 's conduct . 
But he said he is prepared to testify that executives of Lincoln and its parent corporation got unusually high salaries and frequent calls directing them to make specific contributions . 
They 're hiring models to stroll the aisles sporting their jewels , and they 're even beginning to borrow a perennial favorite of the beauty business -- offering a gift when consumers make a purchase . 
But now , along with reindicting Mr. Noriega 's pal , they intended to charge Mr. Noriega himself , on allegations that he was involved in the illegal trading of some $ 2 million in arms . 
The practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and telemarketers , according to trade groups and worker organizations . 
If human beings ca n't cut federal spending honestly -- and they ca n't -- let the computers do it . 
Friday 's trading volume totaled 132.8 million shares . 
Probably the most clear-cut Soviet violation , for example , is the Krasnoyarsk radar . 
`` Where does that first stimulus go ? '' exclaims SUNY neurologist Paul Maccabee . 
Pilgrim had been closed for 32 months . 
Cargill thinks that even though the merchant has a contract stating that it wo n't bring this cocoa to market until after March 1991 , there is some evidence the contract has been modified . 
In a startling turnabout , Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee are complaining that someone in the executive branch is leaking on them . 
A warm foster home has been found . 
The U.S. proposal also was criticized by food-importing developing countries , who said that the U.S. made no special allowances for poor nations . 
The cost of executing stock orders varies from brokerage to brokerage and with the size of the order , but 2 % of the order 's value is an average , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income mutual fund . 
By a 26-7 margin , the committee scuttled the more expensive alternative , and the debate forced a strained confrontation between Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and his party 's largest state delegation in the House . 
Mr. McDonough believes that the well-being of the planet depends on such stratagems as opening windows to cut indoor air pollution , tacking down carpets instead of using toxic glues , and avoiding mahogany , which comes from endangered rain forests . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367.40 an ounce , up 10 cents . 
The shift wo n't affect operations . 
The Series got off to a lukewarm start Oct. 14 with a 16.2 % rating ; the next night it drew 17.4 % of homes . 
Ms. Waleson is a free-lance writer based in New York . 
He brought along his Stuttgart-based Gaechinger Kantorei chorus , and even better , the Czech soprano Gabriela Benackova . 
The company said the acquisition has been completed and reviewed by the Federal Trade Commission . 
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated-technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office . 
The view of some others in Big Oil , he maintains , `` is very much { similar to } Amoco 's outlook . '' 
Procter & Gamble 's profit surged 38 % in its latest fiscal quarter , aided by a gain from a legal settlement and continued growth overseas . 
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. posted a loss for fiscal 1989 of 980.2 million Australian dollars ( US$ 762.4 million ) , the largest in Australian corporate history . 
Only half the New York small businesses surveyed , for their part , are satisfied with the police response they receive . 
Thus falsely reassured , investors sent $ 11.4 million to the Newport Beach company , most of which was diverted to unauthorized uses , the indictment charges . 
`` It may depend on whether there was an express or implied promise ... that the federal officials would not negligently cause the deterioration '' of Independent American , the court wrote . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index rose 5.37 to 347.13 and the Nasdaq composite index jumped 7.52 to 470.80 . 
Mediobanca said during the weekend that it agreed to sell the shares back to Giovanni Agnelli for 333 billion lire . 
`` We may be able to reach a tradeoff where we can accommodate { the pilot union 's } concerns and ours , '' said Brian M. Freeman , the machinists ' financial adviser . 
Los Angeles County Supervisor Kenneth Hahn yesterday vowed to fight the introduction of double-decking in the area . 
`` There 's no pressure on OTC stocks at this point , '' said Mr. Mullins , who said some buyers are beginning to shop among smaller OTC issues . 
Duriron Co. said it has agreed to buy Automax Inc. , a Cincinnati maker of control accessories for industrial valves . 
A senior citizen between 62 and 70 saves 70 % off regular coach fare . 
Guaranteed by Redland PLC . 
`` But the horrendous pace of call volume in the first half-hour slowed considerably . '' 
In an open letter that will run today in the trade journal Automotive News , Ron Tonkin , president of the National Car Dealers Association , says dealers should cut their inventories to no more than half the level traditionally considered desirable . 
Octel said the purchase was expected . 
And combining Fraser & Neave 's own soft drinks with Coca-Cola 's gives the Singapore company more than half the share of the soda market there , Coke said . 
Occidental Petroleum 
Ford Aerospace & Communications Corp. , a unit of Ford Motor Co. , was awarded a $ 15.9 million Air Force contract for computer improvements . 
Volume totaled 11,820,000 shares . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Shareholder approval sets the stage for a lengthy process of restructuring that might not be completed until next year 's second half . 
As for the women , they 're pathetic . 
Still , for those with a long-term eye on the vast U.S. retail market , this is a tempting time to look for bargains . 
In Louisville , Ky. , for example , David Peterson has built a Lexus dealership with the showroom on the second floor . 
`` NASA did it right ; that 's the message , '' said J.R. Thompson , the agency 's deputy administrator . 
In reaffirming the current monetary policy of using high interest rates to fight inflation and shore up the pound , Mr. Lawson dismissed other approaches to managing the economy . 
At Air Products , meanwhile , the mailroom staff opens junk mail and often throws it away -- even if addressed to an individual . 
The extra margin for bases in the U.S. enhances the power of the appropriations committees ; meanwhile , lawmakers used their positions to garner as much as six times what the Pentagon had requested for their individual states . 
I think the reason is that you are confusing tax `` rates '' with tax `` payments . '' 
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four-game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games . 
Go with high-beta stocks to get the biggest payoff from a bet on a bull market . 
I 'm anti-white . '' 
In a country where elbow room is scarce , laptop machines will take a large portion of the industry 's future growth . 
The company said it would repurchase half of its common shares at $ 70 each , sell an estimated $ 1.1 billion in assets and pay a special preferred-stock dividend to common-stock holders . 
The company reiterated yesterday that it 's willing to reconfigure the package , but not add to the substance of it . 
Having survived both last Friday 's 6.9 % Wall Street plunge and the immediate aftermath of the San Francisco Bay area earthquake , Tokyo market participants expressed relief that trading had returned to normal . 
ARTICLE I , SECTION 7 , CLAUSE 2 : 
With the $ 3 million received from investors , he took frequent junkets with friends to exotic locales and leased an expensive BMW for his girlfriend , whom he met at the shop where he got his custom-tailored suits . 
( The painting is 10 feet wide , seven feet high . ) 
The banks said they do n't expect the merger to face any regulatory hurdles . 
What 's next ? 
Pretax profit rose to # 93.2 million ( $ 146.8 million ) from # 80.6 million ( $ 127 million ) , matching analysts ' expectations , which ranged from # 90 million to # 95 million . 
After being whipsawed by a volatile stock market , Treasury bonds closed higher . 
AGIP refused to reconsider and says drilling is due to start early next year . 
Several big securities firms backed off from program trading a few months after the 1987 crash . 
At the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit , net rose 17 % to a record $ 240.8 million on a 19 % revenue increase . 
The computer would let the machine run just until that order was filled , eliminating waste . 
The decision is a setback for President Bush , who needs the support of Democrats to pass the tax cut through the Democratic-controlled Senate . 
Abbie lies back and leaves the frame empty . 
He received $ 724,579 for the shares , according to insider filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Ameritech Corp. 's earnings increased 2.8 % , after strong revenue gains were offset somewhat by refunds and rate reductions imposed by regulators in its Midwest territory . 
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry-government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace . 
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . '' 
N. Joseph Potts 
We were wrong . 
Elected as directors were Mr. Hollander , Frederick Ezekiel , Frederick Ross , Arthur B. Crozier and Rose Pothier . 
Jaguar officials have indicated they are close to wrapping up a friendly alliance with GM that would preserve Jaguar 's independence , but no deal has been announced . 
Federal Reserve critics used to complain of `` stop and go '' monetary policies . 
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater confirmed that Mr. Bush was interested in the idea , but cautioned that there was n't a firm decision to try it . 
Neither state has settled , and officials in the two states wo n't discuss their reasons for not doing so . 
A consequence of their departure could be a serious diminution of market liquidity . 
DEC shares rose $ 1.375 to $ 89.75 apiece in consolidated New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
One old building , the Golden State Bank Building on Front Street , had its yellow brick facade sheared off by the shock of the quake , leaving a wedge of its third floor open to the air , while piles of dusty bricks tumbled to the street below narrowly missing rush-hour pedestrians and cars . 
He will also remain a director , US Facilities said , but wo n't serve on any board committees . 
Fortunately , these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally understood , and they have enough common sense to know what that demands . 
From its high point on Thursday , Oct. 12 , to where it traded late in New York a week later , the dollar fell 3.6 % against the West German mark , 3.4 % against the British pound and 2.1 % against the Japanese yen . 
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded . 
The product , developed by Desktop Data Corp. , a new company based in Waltham , Mass. , scans the wires looking for articles that contain key words specified by the user . 
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman . 
Virtually every automotive analyst in New York showed up . 
Scam artists seek out such people -- or try to make sure that their victims isolate themselves . 
The Fuji is still small potatoes in the U.S. , sold mainly in fruit boutiques . 
Looking ahead to commodity markets this week : 
He chastises Jo Franklin-Trout for her inept presentation of advocacy journalism , judging her project as `` intellectually slipshod . '' 
This mincemeat of tiny gridlocked squares was inspired by the artist 's own digs : `` My loft was 50 by 100 feet , so 50 feet by 50 feet seemed like a good garden room . '' 
Mr. Kane became president and chief executive officer of U.S. Memories last June , when the group was formed by seven electronics companies : Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. ; Hewlett-Packard Co. ; Intel Corp. ; International Business Machines Corp. ; LSI Logic Corp. and National Semiconductor Corp . 
In his eloquent dissent , Judge Alex Kozinski observed that when a writer uses quotation marks in reporting what someone has said , the reader assumes that these are the speaker 's precise words or at least his words purged of `` uh '' and `` you know '' and grammatical error . 
San Francisco Bay area officials said nine people remain missing in the aftermath of last week 's earthquake . 
Ralph Neas was the organizing genius , whipping a conglomerate of pressure groups into an irresistible attacking force . 
He helped persuade 10 of these senators to support him and Majority Leader George Mitchell on these grounds . 
He said that the research team had no financial stake in the drug . 
But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said . 
Anheuser , the world 's largest brewer and U.S. market leader , has historically been reluctant to engage in price-cutting as a means of boosting sales volume . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered . 
Viacom Broadcasting Inc. definitively agreed to acquire KOFY ( AM ) and KOFY-FM in San Francisco for about $ 19.5 million from Pacific FM Inc . 
The company plans to raise between C$ 75 million and C$ 100 million from the offering , according to a spokeswoman at Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. , lead underwriter . 
For the six months ended Aug. 12 , Provigo posted net income of C$ 6.5 million , or eight Canadian cents a share , compared with C$ 18.1 million , or 21 Canadian cents a share , a year earlier . 
Lep Group PLC of Britain , which holds a 62.42 % stake in Profit Systems Inc. , said it is considering courses of action that could result in its having `` active control '' of the company . 
Mr. Carpenter denies the speculation . 
A two-hour lunch break follows . 
The issue was offered at a yield nearly one percentage point above the yield on two-year Treasurys . 
Many openings for mass cheating , such as questionable tax shelters and home offices , have gaped so broadly that Congress has passed stringent laws to close them . 
The combination of so many chains available for sale , the recent failures of such retailing LBO 's as Miller & Rhoads Inc. and declining investor confidence will drive down prices , retailing observers said . 
TV evangelist Jim Bakker was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $ 500,000 for defrauding followers of his PTL ministry . 
He is now designing a Broadway stage set for a show by the band Kid Creole and the Coconuts . 
And while last week the agency hired a top Chiat\/Day\/Mojo executive , Bill Hamilton , to try to bolster its work , `` Graham has to get the revenue of that New York office moving , '' says James Dougherty , an analyst with County NatWest Securities . 
In the interview , Mr. Haussmann did n't specify the amount of revenue the government will lose after the tax disappears . 
Volume on the first section was estimated at 1 billion shares , up from 914 million Tuesday . 
The company hit on a new strategy : If the Defense Department is so intent on saving money , why not make money off that trend ? 
The companies running the disaster ads certainly do n't see themselves as ambulance chasers , either . 
Fluor Corp. said it was awarded a $ 300 million contract to provide engineering and construction-management services at a copper mine in Irian Jaya , Indonesia , for a unit of Freeport-McMoRan Copper Co . 
`` It 's a seller 's market , '' said Mr. Snedeker of the reinsurance market right now . 
What 's more , a Hong Kong textile trader says , some Chinese exporters from state-run enterprises are protesting the crackdown by dragging their feet on soliciting new business . 
Imperial Holly fell 1 5\/8 to 27 1\/8 in the wake of its third-quarter earnings report . 
But he added that he expected to raise his estimate for fiscal 1991 at the same time . 
Chugai also will help Gen-Probe with its regulatory and marketing expertise in Asia , Mr. Bologna said . 
The new line is aimed directly at International Business Machines Corp . 
Ramada 's stock rose 87.5 cents on the news to close at $ 11.25 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading . 
Three A.D.L. inventors applied April 6 , 1973 , for the patent , which was assigned and awarded in 1976 to Hasbro Industries , then Eagle 's parent . 
B.F. Goodrich Co. said third-quarter profits dropped 34 % because of lower prices for polyvinyl chloride materials , the company 's largest product group . 
Now the thrift that issued the CD is insolvent , and Dr. Blumenfeld has learned to his surprise that the premium is n't insured under federal deposit insurance . 
UAL was watched closely and traded heavily . 
Even White House budget director Richard Darman had trouble finding a silver lining in the report . 
Sea Containers added that the recapitalization plan will reduce its debt by more than $ 500 million . 
`` This is serious business ; we 're serious about a capital-gains reduction , '' said Kansas Sen. Robert Dole , the Senate 's Republican leader . 
It appears likely that , this year or next , some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration will be enacted . 
Mr. Stovall does n't expect an actual recession . 
Local service revenue increased 3.5 % and directory and unregulated business revenue jumped 9.5 % . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.48 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.28 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days . 
Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . 
The agreement is subject to completion of a definitive amendment and appropriate approvals . 
Even if he were to change his stripes and become another Milton Friedman , however , he would still stand a good chance of losing a country . 
Closed End Bond Funds 
Federal 's stock price , however , has held up well , driven in part by the general run-up of airline stocks , analysts say . 
CBS signed General Motors and Toyota to be the only auto-maker sponsors in baseball for four years . 
It named a new chief executive officer , former IMS International head Robert Louis-Dreyfus . 
In November 1987 , a district court judge in Detroit ruled against the UAW . 
A governing body of both the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Governmental Accounting Standards Board voted to give the FASB jurisdiction over accounting standards for certain government-owned entities . 
The plastics plant is located on an 800-acre tract in the heart of the petrochemical corridor that reaches along the U.S. Gulf Coast . 
Formally upgrading the Sandinistas to a democratic status was an initiative harshly criticized in the Costa Rican press . 
To ask those questions is to answer them . 
Mr. Lawson , though not allowed to join the EMS , chose to `` shadow '' the deutsche mark . 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. must extend its offer for LIN Broadcasting Corp. because it has `` not yet announced committed financing sufficient to complete '' the bid , LIN said in New York . 
Stocks rose in London , but fell again in Frankfurt . 
France 's industrial production index for July and August rose 1 % from June and was up 4.6 % from a year ago , according to seasonally adjusted data from the National Statistics Institute . 
Britain , France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates ; the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects . 
In the nine months , imports rose 20 % to 155.039 trillion lire , while exports grew 18 % to 140.106 trillion lire . 
Mr. Pertschuk adds that the new commercial dovetails perfectly with major aspects of Philip Morris 's political strategy . 
It refinanced the judge 's loan , lowered its interest rate and accepted a trade-in that had n't originally been part of the deal -- a beat up 1981 Chevy Citation the dealer had to repair before it could be resold . 
`` Some companies were delinquent in filings and other actions , all of which cost money , '' Mr. Holmes said . 
Instead of Japan 's typical small homes clustered on narrow streets with no sidewalks , the new `` One Hundred Hills '' development will offer 65 houses on half-acre lots . 
The businesses subscribing to Mr. Laband 's effective price system will be remembered when normalcy returns . 
Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share to Miller and Anheuser . 
But do n't expect too much in the way of price breaks soon at the supermarket . 
WCRS 's restructuring reflects the growing importance of media buying in Europe , where the only way to get a good price on advertising time and space is to buy it in bulk . 
Those `` people '' to whom I refer are not some heroic , indecipherable quantity ; they are artists , critics , taxi drivers , grandmothers , even some employees of the Ministry of Culture , all of whom share a deep belief in the original principles of the Cuban Revolution , spelled out in terms such as equality among all members of the society , reverence for education and creative expression , universal rights to health and livelihood , housing , etc . 
Yet the chief reason for the closure , he says , was rooted in a family tradition that would n't allow a bank to bear the Rothschild name without a Rothschild in its management . 
And in a Japanese corporate first , Nissan recently opened the first coed company dormitory for single employees at the suburban Tokyo technical center . 
Exxon officials said it will cost less to run its headquarters at Las Colinas than in New York . 
He noted , however , that the company 's order entry has increased from the low levels of the early summer , following the end of labor negotiations . 
In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized . 
Since the budget measures cash flow , a new $ 1 direct loan is treated as a $ 1 expenditure , even though at least part of the loan will be paid back . 
The plan calls for the company to buy back 2,250,000 shares , which reflects a 3-for-2 stock split this year . 
Separately , Cilcorp said it plans to purchase as many as 1.4 million shares , or 10 % of its common stock outstanding from time to time on the open market and through privately negotiated transactions . 
The purpose of the note is to provide added capital for the spun-off company in a form that will save it spending cash on immediate interest payments , Mr. Roulac said . 
Led by its oat-based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg . 
Once fat and happy , the Cowboys now are losing games , fans and money . 
Unions are pressing demands for wage increases of more than 10 % despite general belief that economic growth next year will be less than 2 % . 
Federal 's employees work long hours and seem to thrive on the stress of racing the clock . 
The people who tape the most buy the most . '' 
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder . 
Mr. Breeden contended that discretionary power could have an impact on the markets if rumors were to circulate about when the exchanges might be closed . 
What if the system does n't work ? 
One engineer developed a `` crab car '' that moves sideways . 
Prices opened strongly on the basis of Monday 's Wall Street rally and yesterday 's gains in Tokyo . 
`` They may get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together , but for now they are the quickest offering the most extensive plan , '' he said . 
Now he has moved to Oklahoma where costs are lower , and started a new company , Adsi Inc. , to market his machine . 
Mr. Peterson declines to comment on specific allegations in the two suits , saying he prefers to save such responses for court . 
Mid-sized companies were most affected by talk of layoffs or plant closings . 
In Moscow , Mr. Gorbachev sent Mr. Krenz a congratulatory telegram that appeared to urge the new leadership to heed growing calls for change . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Third-quarter revenue was flat at $ 1.02 billion . 
But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more and $ 7 billion of loading barges , ramps , etc. , in order that those seven new Army divisions and three Marine brigades could unload from all those new ships and aircraft and go to war in the Zagros mountains . 
However , their search notably wo n't include natural gas or pure methanol -- the two front-running alternative fuels -- in tests to be completed by next summer . 
People tend to be most loyal to brands that have distinctive flavors , such as cigarettes and ketchup . 
While by no means the highest crime community in the country , New York is a prime example of a city where crime strangles small-business development . 
Managers , he contends , `` are afraid how they 're going to look in the eyes of their peers . 
The most active shares were major blue-chips , particularly oils and utilities such as British Gas and British Telecommunications . 
In his climb to the top , Mr. Dozen also headed the company 's stock-exchange division , its fixed-income units and its international operations . 
`` It 's known they need the sugar , and the expectation that they will come in is apparently giving the market its principal support , '' the dealer said . 
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations . 
Yet under its 45-year-old president , Trelleborg moved aggressively into those unfashionable base industries -- first strengthening its existing rubber and plastics division , later adding mining as well as building and construction materials . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
During the takeover , Mr. Hahn said he would put his account up for review if WPP 's bid were successful , but he did n't . 
Mr. Maynard claims this is a manageable problem . 
My mind was miles north at a place called Coogan 's Bluff , where a real sports hero had captured the imagination of a kid who never fully grew up and is all the richer for it . 
This pattern was particularly evident among more highly educated couples . 
British Satellite , which already has raised # 423.5 million from 10 backers , initially expected to seek an additional # 400 million . 
Economists do n't expect any such changes in this year 's address , given Mr. Lawson 's apparent reluctance to adjust policy currently . 
It is the right-wing guerrillas who are aligned with the drug traffickers , not the left wing . 
The difference is magnified by time , too . 
Frankfurt prices closed sharply lower in thin dealings , hurt by the roller-coaster session on Wall Street Tuesday and worries about wage demands by the largest West German trade union . 
For the nine months , Valley National posted a net loss of $ 136.4 million , or $ 6.90 a share . 
In the third quarter , orders rose a real 5 % and a nominal 9 % . 
Perrier , sold by Perrier Group of America , a unit of Source Perrier S.A. of Paris , and Evian , sold by a U.S. unit BSN of France , are distributed to urban areas nationally , but are less available in rural communities . 
For American car buyers , the proliferation of choice is both liberating and confusing . 
Council member Cardinal Gerald Carter of Toronto told Vatican Radio : `` Now that we say we covered our deficit this year , people are going to relax and say well that 's fine , the Holy See is out of the hole . 
Gary Straub , corporate counsel for the company , said the directors sold for `` personal financial reasons . '' 
Cipher Data said Mr. Marinaro consequently has resigned from those posts and from the company 's board . 
Corporate bonds `` are usually not a good bet in a recession , '' Mr. Wyss says . 
But Peter Brody , Magnascreen 's president , says Japanese companies are poised to snatch the technology and put it to commercial use , just as they did with earlier U.S. innovations in color television and video recording . 
McCaw 's offer is scheduled to expire tomorrow . 
Investors in B.A.T have been on a roller coaster . 
Centerior Energy Corp. said the Ohio Water Development Authority approved terms for two series of tax-exempt bonds to finance a water-pollution control and solid-waste disposal facilities . 
A statement issued by the office of the committee chairman , Sen. David Boren ( D. , Okla. ) , charged that the disclosure is part of a continuing effort to shift the criticism for the failure of the recent coup attempt in Panama . 
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high-yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields . 
So why did advertising pages plunge by almost 10 % and ad revenue by 7.2 % in the first half ? 
Some of the projects being funded by the new issues are the first fruits of Mr. Gandhi 's policy , and they require more capital than the smaller industrial units built in the past . 
The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February . 
If all the debt is converted to common , Automatic Data will issue about 3.6 million shares ; last Monday , the company had nearly 73 million shares outstanding . 
Digital also said it has dispatched teams of technicians to California . 
`` The primary overriding thing is that people are frightened , '' says Martin Sass , a New York money manager . 
But Costa Rican officials argue that the recent drop in coffee prices , combined with the country 's continuing struggle to reinvigorate its economy , make the support as necessary as ever . 
`` European companies are looking to buy American ones , '' said Henry King , the managing partner at that firm . 
`` This particular issue goes to the very integrity of the capital-formation market , '' state Banking Commissioner Howard Brown said . 
He now calls himself an `` investment banker . '' 
The $ 196.7 million provided for fiscal 1990 anticipates the purchase of a Lockheed P-3 surveillance aircraft and five Cessna Citation II jets . 
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at an indicated 108 1\/4 to yield 3.846 % . 
Shareholders of Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano S.p.A. voted to accept a bid of 5,500 lire ( $ 4.03 ) a share by France 's Credit Agricole for 13.32 % of the bank , rejecting an earlier , equal offer by Italy 's Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A . 
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.91 % . 
Revenue for the year fell 13 % to $ 122.7 million . 
He also plans to get to know clients that Mr. Roman was closer to , such as Lever Brothers , American Express and Seagram . 
Most analysts do n't expect the new mainframes to begin contributing significantly to revenue before the fiscal first quarter , which begins next July 1 . 
`` There are an increasing number of people out there who are time-poor , '' said Chris Vroom , retail analyst with Alex . Brown & Sons of Baltimore . 
The Chicago Merc banned dual trading in its Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures pit in 1987 . 
Travelers crowded into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited for buses in the rain , but the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized . 
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing . 
The complexities of the insurance problem make the outcome difficult to predict . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. was awarded an $ 11.5 million Navy contract for oceanographic services . 
He said there is `` no valid investment reason '' for stock-index futures to exist . 
The case had been closely watched because attorneys anticipate increasing litigation nationally over the so-called sick-building syndrome . 
The Westin St. Francis hotel , which survived the 1906 earthquake and fire , currently is less than 50 % occupied . 
But consumer expenditure data released Friday do n't suggest that the U.K. economy is slowing that quickly . 
This growth sector , which usually carries a price\/earnings multiple about twice that of the Standard & Poor 's 500 , happens to include some of the market 's most attractive bargains right now . 
And Mr. Straszheim conceded after a recent drop in manufacturing jobs that `` it may prove to be the case that we got whipsawed -- that we pulled the recession forecast at just the wrong time . '' 
Two of the 757-200s are new aircraft to be delivered to American Trans Air , the main subsidiary of Amtran Inc. , in December 1991 and January 1992 . 
The 1986 tax overhaul , the biggest achievement of President Reagan 's second term , is beginning to fall apart , and interest groups are lining up for tax goodies all over Capitol Hill . 
In its notice of action , the attorney general said the company had promised to put clients into `` balanced '' investment portfolios ; instead , the attorney general alleged , the company consistently shoved unwary customers into high-risk investments in paintings , coins and Florida condos . 
`` I 've ripped out a lot of Delicious '' and grafted the trees with many different shoots , says Steve Wood , a West Lebanon , N.H. , grower , tramping through his 100-acre Poverty Lane Orchard on a crisp autumn day recently . 
Even before the China crisis , weak U.S. demand was slowing local economic growth . 
The upgrade reflected the 20 % decline in shares of the bank since the firm lowered its rating in early October , based on the belief the stock had become expensive . 
The Quotrons were wrong . 
India 's overregulated businessmen had to be persuaded , but they have started to think big . 
The method of calculating the 20 % tax , paid if it exceeds tax figured the regular way , is due for a change in 1990 , thanks to 1986 's tax act . 
The company suffered a $ 9 million loss in the third quarter , compared with net of $ 2.5 million a year earlier . 
QuesTech Inc. , Falls Church , Va. , also has acquired some companies outside the military market . 
The monthly `` trade deficit '' figure is limited to traditional merchandise trade : manufactured goods and raw materials . 
Apparently , the respondents do n't think that an economic slowdown would harm the major investment markets very much . 
In Sacramento , a transportation department spokesman said he could n't immediately confirm or deny existence of the test work . 
Most of the allegations no longer pending were ethics charges withdrawn by state prosecutors as part of a pre-trial agreement . 
For some players , the lure is money -- up to $ 15,000 a month . 
GM 's help would `` make it possible { for Jaguar } to build a wider range of cars . '' 
However , investment bankers say that banks are n't likely to lend the almost $ 5 billion that would be necessary for a takeover even at a lower price without someone putting up a hefty wad of cash -- probably even greater than the 17 % in cash put up by investors in the leveraged takeover of Northwest Airlines parent NWA Corp. in July . 
Junk-holders say they have a stick to beat KKR with : `` The threat of bankruptcy is a legitimate tool '' to extract money from KKR , says one big SCI TV holder . 
Analysts said the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa broke the pall that settled over the takeover business for the past three weeks in the wake of the collapsed UAL Corp . buy-out . 
In recent weeks , airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers . 
Mining is likely to remain Trelleborg 's main business . 
Suzuki Motor Co. 's Escudome sport vehicle features a pop-out rear tent and invites drivers to go `` back to the nature . '' 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 368.5 million from $ 340.7 million . 
On Oct. 5 , the company estimated after-tax effects on the year 's earnings would be `` at least '' $ 1.3 million . 
Together with two existing plants in the U.S. , Furukawa said it will expand its current local monthly production of memory disks to 1.4 million sheets from 800,000 . 
Ever the pragmatist , Mr. Corry said in August that he realized that USX is on `` acquisition screens all over the country . '' 
Died : Mary McCarthy , 77 , novelist and literary critic , in New York City , of cancer ... . 
During the past administration the foodstuffs were first bought by the institute , then sold at low prices to `` unscrupulous businessmen '' who resold them to the institute at inflated prices , the statement said . 
Mr. Krenz may need a bit of time to consolidate his empire , which would do a lot to promote Reunification Scenario One . 
The agency plans to announce specific relief procedures in the coming days . 
But Gov. Deukmejian and others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis . 
The group 's resilience gets its first test today when 30 top pilot union leaders convene outside Chicago in a previously scheduled meeting . 
They will get `` new and improved tools to sell , particularly to the affluent investor , '' says brokerage chief Charles V. Sheehan . 
Excluding the increase in loan-loss reserves , Bankers Trust said third-quarter net income would have increased 11 % to $ 180 million . 
Towering overcapacity in the synthetic fiber business , which accounted for half of the Dutch chemical company 's sales , led to huge losses and left Akzo 's survival in doubt . 
It has sold billions of dollars of other assets and has more on the block . 
A reintegrated Europe implies big changes in 40-year-old military and economic policies . 
Fundamental factors are at work as well . 
The White House had the perfect case , but Congress blinked before it could go to court . 
`` Personal Computer '' yearbooks are lined up on nearly every desk , and dog-eared copies of Nikkei Computer crowd magazine racks . 
Maxwell 's sale of its U.S. printing unit was expected , the last major business to be disposed of in a major reshuffling of assets . 
The result is that the unthinkable and illogical are happening . 
Revenues climbed 18 % to $ 289 million from $ 245.3 million . 
Although Section 2 of the act expressly disclaims requiring that minorities win a proportional share of elective offices , few municipal and state government plans achieve preclearance by the Justice Department or survive the scrutiny of the lower federal courts unless they carve out as many solidly minority districts as possible . 
The programs occurred against the backdrop of a late pullback in UAL , which had held at slightly lower levels through most of the session amid optimism that another bidder might surface . 
He even had sex with one -- sort of , and not intentionally -- as readers learned in his `` Communion '' ( a book recently described in the New York Times as a `` nonfiction best seller '' ) . 
Because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation , they asserted that the `` excess '' heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod . 
I know many schoolteachers and , on the whole , they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching . 
We 're sorry to report that on Monday President Bush accepted the resignation of William Allen as chairman of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission . 
It also opens a rift in the bank 's shareholders ' syndicate that could lead to a battle for control of the concern . 
Westinghouse also jointly will bid on projects with Misubishi , giving it an edge in developing Asian markets . 
But such an increase , he says , could be viewed by the market as `` too little too late . '' 
`` We 're picking up steam , '' insists Roger Ailes , Mr. Giuliani 's media consultant , whose last big campaign helped put George Bush in the White House . 
`` The side effects { of cyclosporine } have made the penalty for its success rather high , '' Dr. Starzl said . 
Transportation department officials , however , said they were as surprised as anyone by the Cypress destruction . 
About 1,000 strikers signed petitions last week calling for Boeing and Machinists representatives to schedule new meetings . 
Hong Kong has built a detention center for illegal immigrants from China because China has refused for the past two weeks to accept them back . 
This year alone , inventories at the Commodity Exchange of New York jumped `` by a staggering 46 million to 221 million ounces '' because of producer deliveries , de-stocking by fabricators and sales by disenchanted investors , says Rhona O'Connell , London-based precious metals analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
But he flies for Federal Express Corp. , perhaps the closest thing in corporate America to the Green Berets . 
Robins has been in proceedings under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code since August 1985 ; such proceedings give it protection from creditor lawsuits while it works out a plan for paying its debts . 
Henry Sargent Jr. , Pinnacle executive vice president , said the action `` wo n't really have any effect on us . 
The difference is that current holders would n't retain majority ownership or control . 
Emerson and Bosch , through their joint acquisition arm , Maple Acquisition , have begun a cash tender offer for all of Vermont 's common shares outstanding . 
The metal and marble lobby of CenTrust Bank 's headquarters is grander than your average savings and loan . 
Mr. Golomb says each of his computers can produce and send about 75 unique newsletters a night . 
Previously , the company advertised at the $ 2 million level . 
Nikon forecast sales for the year ending March 31 will rise 9.6 % to 240 billion yen . 
Although Paribas Chairman Michel Francois-Poncet would n't rule out eventually selling all of Navigation Mixte 's insurance operations to Allianz , he stressed the potential for the two groups instead to cooperate . 
Walter Litvinchuk , vice president of Pan-Alberta Gas Ltd. , a Calgary-based gas marketing concern , said the industry will welcome the move . 
Finally , the official estimates understate growth because they make inadequate allowance for improvements in quality of goods and services . 
`` The branches are just warmed over , empty halls , '' says Mr. Konheim . 
You 'll remember when you see the stunning footage taken from inside a hurricane 's eye , in this edition of `` NOVA . 
Consolidated Rail Corp. , New York , reported that third-quarter net income climbed 4.8 % to $ 87 million , or $ 1.27 a share , exceeding analysts ' expectations . 
Johnnie Johnson , who worked for Mr. Corry in strategic planning , recalls how his boss would routinely ask a subordinate to research an entire industry to target acquisition candidates . 
Goya Concocts a Milk For Hispanic Tastes 
The purchase price will be established after Banc One has an opportunity to study the quality of the assets , Banc One said . 
Why would I consider giving up Fox , a proven commodity , '' for an unknown venture ? 
The 321-99 roll call vote reflected broad support for the disaster assistance , but the cost to the Treasury is sure to aggravate budget pressures this year and next under the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law . 
A Big Board spokesman would only say , `` We 're working the problem and looking at the issue and meeting with a broad number of customers and constituents to get their views and ideas on the issue . '' 
Golden Nugget Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 13.1 million , or 76 cents a share , based on 17.2 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
The numbers show that `` we do n't have a monolithic economy , '' said Isaac Lagnado , council research director . 
Membership has since swelled to between 20 and 25 . 
Not to judge by `` Settle the Score , '' in which Mr. Sohmer seems to be settling a score of his own . 
In addition , despite IBM 's well-publicized recent problems , the computer giant still generates enormous amounts of cash . 
Only two states -- Vermont and Washington -- this year joined five others requiring private employers to grant leaves of absence to employees with newborn or adopted infants . 
It has been waging an all-out campaign to beat back a proposal , pushed by Utah bike groups , to allow the cycles in federally designated wilderness areas , where they are now prohibited . 
By pooling their resources , the two groups have effectively halved the design and development costs that would otherwise have been entailed , he said . 
Santa Clara County has a running total so far of $ 504 million , excluding the hard-hit city of Los Gatos . 
`` But I was n't ready for a career at that time . '' 
Such rate increases `` will increase the total cost of U.S. products and slow down the rate of increase of U.S. exports , '' said Richard Connors , a senior vice president of Yusen Air & Sea Service U.S.A. Inc. , the U.S. air-freight-forwarding subsidiary of Nippon Yusen Kaisha of Japan . 
Consider a `` laddered '' bond portfolio , with issues maturing in , say , 1992 , 1993 and 1994 , advises Malcolm A. Makin , a Westerly , R.I. , financial planner . 
Closely held Automax has annual sales of about $ 10 million . 
The third part , consisting of $ 1 billion of noncallable bonds due Oct. 1 , 1994 , was priced as 8 1\/4 % securities at 99.672 to yield 8.33 % . 
The new Hewlett-Packard program , said analyst John McCarthy at Forrester Research Inc. , a computer-market research company , `` is a key building block as people move to this new model of distributed processing . '' 
Bill and Bonnie Quinlan are among the first beneficiaries of the new findings . 
Loral will provide to Turkey an electronic countermeasures system for its fleet of F-16 aircraft . 
Many of the funds that did best in the last week are heavily invested overseas , giving them the benefit of foreign currency translations when the dollar is weak . 
Northeast Utilities boosted its offer to acquire the company by $ 400 million , to $ 2.25 billion . 
Increasing labor costs , Mr. Tyszkiewicz argued , would only put the countries at a further disadvantage in competing in the barrier-free EC market planned for after 1992 . 
But one recent day , they became much closer . 
And when Mr. Kasparov strode into the playing hall , he called the outcome . 
In one of many rosy scenarios , Bear Stearns 's Gary Schneider wrote in March that its real estate alone had a value of $ 4.5 billion . 
Other terms to be fixed Nov. 1 . 
Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution . 
One of the busiest ghostbusters is Robert Baker , a 68-year-old semi-retired University of Kentucky psychology professor whose bushy gray eyebrows arch at the mere mention of a ghost . 
He probably has n't done it for the cash . 
`` It is a feel-good candidacy . '' 
An early battleground was the U.S. Department of Agriculture . 
TeleVideo Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1,853,735 common shares , to be sold by holders . 
A new issue , Exabyte , surged 2 1\/8 from its initial offering price to close at 12 1\/8 . 
He said that the next generation of optical drives will be as fast as hard drives , but he depends on outside suppliers for the devices . 
Sales rose slightly to $ 2.68 billion , from $ 2.66 billion . 
Sunday , Nov. 5 , 10:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. EST , on ABC : New York City Marathon . 
Many marketers say Philip Morris 's approach will be effective , but they agree that the ads ' implied smoking message is unmistakable . 
William P. Panny , MLX chairman and chief executive , said the pact `` will provide MLX with the additional time and flexibility necessary to complete the restructuring of the company 's capital structure . '' 
Lotus Development Corp. has slashed the lag between U.S. and Japan product introductions to six months from three years . 
Sen. Boren happily told reporters that there had been `` a meeting of the minds '' with the White House , and that the committee had given Mr. Bush `` a clean slate , '' free of the impediments imposed during the Reagan years . 
`` I was flabbergasted , '' Tatsuhara Yamane , head of the bureau , was quoted by Kyodo news service as saying . 
At the same time , steelmakers are trying to invest more to modernize technology and make themselves more competitive . 
That 's an important distinction because some analysts and brokers , who perennially predict that small stocks are about to outperform bigger issues , may use any spurt in growth issues to help them sell all small stocks . 
The process dramatically increased our average life expectancy , eliminated much pain and constantly improved health and well-being . 
`` The best odds are with your core franchise . 
In a speech given Friday but released late Monday , Bundesbank Vice President Helmut Schlesinger suggested that it was risky to claim that the booming German economy has reached the peak of its cycle . 
The court left open whether FERC could reimpose a new deadline later . 
Even some lawyers who have used consultants to their advantage see a need to limit their impact . 
In this case , China would still finish the year with a current-account deficit of $ 8.7 billion , based on projections that imports for all of this year grow 20 % and exports 10 % . 
Sir John Egan told reporters at London 's Motorfair yesterday he `` would be disappointed if we could n't do { the deal } within a month . '' 
The CBS plan to use big-time sports as a platform for other series carries no guarantee of success , however . 
No one can say . 
He indicated that some assets might be sold off to service the debt . 
After coming close to a partial settlement a year ago , shareholders who filed civil suits against Ivan F. Boesky and the partnerships he once controlled again are approaching an accord , people familiar with the case said . 
As early as move six , Mr. Kasparov deviated from a well-known sequence of moves , developing a knight instead of making a standard bishop attack against the computer 's advanced knight . 
COOPERATION WANES on weapons development between the U.S. and Europe . 
Because of cost overruns on fixed-price military work , Mr. Shrontz said , the company 's defense business will record `` a significant loss '' in 1989 . 
For now , the union issue is the most nettlesome of Federal 's Tiger problems , management believes . 
Japanese and European steelmakers , which have led the recent technology developments , are anxiously awaiting the lifting of trade restraints in 1992 . 
Shell , a subsidiary of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , will be allowed to export 0.9 trillion cubic feet , and Gulf , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd. will be allowed to export 3.2 trillion cubic feet . 
`` Last season , we did a story that involved spending $ 700,000 in converting a two-family house into a bed and breakfast . '' 
In a recent interview , Mr. Thompson said the biggest problem facing all commodity exchanges was one of image . 
Mr. Gotlieb , who serves as a consultant to Stikeman , Elliott , one of Canada 's biggest law firms , is advising Pepper Hamilton 's Washington office on legal matters related to Canadian-U.S. investment , corporate finance and international transactions . 
Perhaps the biggest challenge , however , will be to prevent a return to its former corporate rigidity as its recovery continues . 
If it does n't , he says , the company would have to change its expansion timetable . 
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another . 
-- Ralph Shaffer . 
So far , however , Sony has n't been willing to meet its considerable financial demands . 
`` Bush and Deng are hoping { that } cooler heads prevail . 
Microsoft is up more than 50 % this year , while Intel is up more than 40 % . 
Vietnam is finding that turning a stagnant socialist order into a dynamic free market does n't come easy . 
THE CHILDREN of Los Angeles will soon have their own $ 52 million courthouse . 
The insurers ' relative resilience gave the market time to reappraise the impact of the California disaster on U.K. equities , dealers said . 
The value of the transaction was n't disclosed . 
AT&T said third-quarter net income grew , despite stiff competition in all of the company 's markets . 
EMC manufactures data-storage systems for mainframes and minicomputers . 
The dollar sagged against other major currencies in lethargic trading . 
In an effort to determine whether a caller has reason to sue , Cane lawyers review documents and perform research , if necessary , with the help of three law clerks and several support staffers . 
If the risks and rewards are reasonable , developers will respond . 
The result : Chrysler dealers had a bloated 82-day supply of the Cherokee as of the end of last month and a 161-day supply of the Comanche pickup , which Toledo also builds . 
GORBACHEV SAID Moscow wo n't intervene in East bloc moves to democracy . 
Ford Motor Co. created the Merkur nameplate in 1985 to sell its German-made touring sedans in the U.S. . 
But analysts focused more on the drop in revenue , to $ 1.04 billion from $ 1.07 billion , reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of the controversial credit-reporting services . 
`` We see a lot of interest in those kind of things , '' says Frank Salerno , a vice president of Bankers Trust . 
The Costa Mesa , Calif. , maker of computer tape drives also projected record revenue for the year of $ 181 million , up from $ 122.7 million for the previous year . 
`` With the Edison plant coming on line next summer , the Times is facing some tough earnings comparison in the future , '' said Peter Appert , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell . 
Navigation Mixte said it would n't have any comment until its board meets Wednesday . 
Inflation is expected to be highest in Greece , where it is projected at 14.25 % , and Portugal , at 13 % . 
Western Gas System Inc. , initial offering of 3,250,000 common shares , of which 3,040,000 shares will be sold by the company and 210,000 by a holder , via Prudential-Bache Capital Funding , Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc . 
Santa Fe Pacific Realty owns 2.8 million acres of property , including 219 buildings with more than 11 million square feet of space . 
In an interview in New York , Mr. Breene , fresh from a Concorde flight from Paris where executives had worked through most of the night , outlined big plans for the new agency . 
As we queasily start The search for replacements , we know The new one we purchase in hopes it will do , Despite every wonder that 's stated , Means more speed , more graphics , more memory , too , But also more quickly out - dated ! 
Tennessee and North Carolina , home states of the two Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate military construction subcommittees , receive $ 243.2 million , or 25 % above the Pentagon 's request . 
Last month , in his boldest move yet , Mr. Andersson and Trelleborg joined forces with Canada 's Noranda Inc. in a joint $ 2 billion hostile takeover of another big Canadian mining concern , Falconbridge Ltd . 
Two junk bond issues were priced yesterday , including a scaled-backed offering by Beatrice Co . 
The university implied that it would drop its opposition to foreign ownership if Ciba-Geigy and Chiron are successful with their lower bid . 
Estimated volume was a light 1.7 million ounces . 
In addition , the executives said IBM will be offering programming tools designed to let anyone working on a factory floor write ad-hoc software , for instance , to do statistical analysis that would pinpoint a problem on a manufacturing line . 
And when he ran unsuccessfully for a state appellate court seat in 1983 , the Pennsylvania Bar Association rated him `` one of the best available , '' after interviewing local lawyers . 
Adolph Coors Co. said its Coors Brewing Co. unit will test market a new line of bottled water in the West beginning early next year . 
If interest rates do n't change , bond fund investors ' returns will be about equal to the funds ' current yields . 
Anheuser-Busch announced its plan at the same time it reported third-quarter net income rose a lower-than-anticipated 5.2 % to $ 238.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 226.5 million , or 78 cents . 
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one-year waiting list for the car . 
I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court , through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies . 
The move by the coalition of political parties and Lebanon 's largest Christian militia isolated military chief Aoun , who has rejected the plan , which includes political changes and a Syrian troop withdrawal from Beirut . 
A congressional staffer involved in drafting the sanctions says they are likely to mirror those Mr. Bush enacted shortly after the massacre . 
Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing . 
I attended several of these in the dual role as a presenter of research findings as well as an investigator of my hosts . 
Surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten . 
Last year , more than 1,800 traders on the CBOE bought and sold 112 million contracts on 178 listed stocks , 60 % of all U.S. listed options trading . 
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million in each maturity next Tuesday . 
But many individual investors are leery about stocks because of fresh signs of fragility in the huge junk-bond market . 
Grain , milk and meat come next . 
Maidenform says it is very profitable but declines to provide specifics . 
`` I ca n't think of any reason to join Lloyd 's now , '' says Keith Whitten , a British businessman and a Lloyd 's member since 1979 . 
Mr. Waggoner could n't be reached . 
The index of smaller banks improved 1.97 . 
Both issues are dated Oct. 26 . 
Dell Computer Corp. , squeezed by price pressure from its larger competitors and delays in its new product line , said its per-share earnings for fiscal 1990 will be half its previous forecasts . 
Only 2 % are brand loyal in 16 to 20 of the categories , and no one is loyal for more than 20 types of products . 
Prices fell through levels regarded as important support areas , which added to the selling . 
The $ 58.9 million of 7 % certificates due 2016 carry the issue 's high yield , priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.19 % . 
Beatrice , which went private in an $ 8.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 , said last month that it might borrow again to help pay investors as much as $ 983 million in preferred stock and debt securities . 
The proposal is just part of legislation that would require businesses to provide health benefits , an idea that is strongly opposed by small business who say it would just compound the insurance-cost problems . 
Mr. Phillips made his comments during an interview detailing his plans for the agency . 
Two rival bidders for Connaught BioSciences extended their offers to acquire the Toronto-based vaccine manufacturer Friday . 
Traders were shouting bids and offers a full five minutes before the start of trading at 8:30 am 
A program called Notes , which is under development by Lotus , also is designed to sort E-mail sent within work groups . 
By late January , the consensus calls for the dollar to be trading around 1.8200 marks and near 142 yen . 
And despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around . 
African art was in vogue and some intellectuals were writing breathlessly of a dawning age to be inspired by blacks . 
The prospectus notes `` there can be no assurance '' that future growth will continue at past levels . 
President Bush badly wants a line-item veto and has long called for a law giving it to the president . 
`` We 're not going to walk in and replace a company 's corporate accounting system if it 's already running on an IBM mainframe , '' concedes Kenneth H. Olsen , Digital 's president . 
Of the three candidates with a serious chance of winning , Mr. Collor comes closest to advocating the sort of measures that economists say are necessary . 
`` For a member of the Rothschild family , the return to Frankfurt is a very meaningful event , although it might not mean as much to German banking as it means to us , '' says Baron David de Rothschild , Elie 's younger cousin and a partner in Rothschild & Cie . Banque in Paris . 
Mr. Lorin then repeated the threat , and Mr. Aslanian urged him not to say such things . 
Mr. Witman likes the Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar Money Market Fund , with a seven-day compound yield just under 9.5 % . 
The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that makes apples redder and crunchier but may be carcinogenic , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh . 
The Deerfield , Ill. , medical products and services company posted net of $ 102 million , or 34 cents a share , compared with $ 85 million , or 28 cents a share , a year ago . 
More recently , Interpublic inquired about one of Saatchi 's smaller communications companies -- identified as the Rowland public relations firm by several industry executives -- but again was rebuffed , they said . 
The extrusion unit produces bare and painted custom extrusions for building products and construction industries . 
Richard Firestone , chief of the FCC 's common-carrier bureau , said he expected the agency to propose new rules next year . 
Reflecting airline takeover activity , however , both the Fidelity Select Air Transportation Portfolio and the National Aviation & Technology fund posted better-than-average returns for the the year to date : 30.09 % for the Fidelity Air Transportation fund and a whopping 47.24 % for National Aviation & Technology . 
So the senators must brace themselves . 
If there is n't a recession , he said , `` we will be out of copper by the end of March . 
Mikhail Gorbachev , he said , is ahead of China 's leaders in his awareness of the world . 
Mr. Burke succeeds Richard D. Manley , who will remain as a consultant to the company . 
Within a few years , the outcome in most states is likely to be that abortion will be more restricted , but not completely banned . 
Haagen has its own large security force of well-trained and well-paid personnel on round-the-clock duty at each center . 
Like Peter Sellars , Ms. Bogart manipulates her actors as if they were rag dolls , sprawling them on staircases , dangling them off tables , even hanging them from precipices while having them perform some gymnastic feats of derring-do . 
Big Board officials also hope Japanese investors will become interested in the exchange 's product . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
We believe interest rates will continue to trend lower , and the economy will slow around the world . '' 
In Pennsylvania , small businesses are pushing for a voluntary alternative ; they favor a commission that would develop sample leave policies that employers could adopt . 
That debt is part of the $ 2.1 billion of Holiday debt that Bass PLC of Britain said it would retire or assume when it agreed to buy the Holiday Inn business in August . 
Not even an earthquake . 
A country is considered financially healthy if its reserves cover three months of its imports . 
Takamori Matsuda , an analyst at Dresdner-ABD Securities , said fading expectation for lower interest rates made investors step back from real-estate shares , which advanced last week . 
He will succeed Joel Chaseman , who will remain a vice president of the company and continue to represent Post-Newsweek stations in several industry organizations , the company said . 
Ms. Atkins , whose Lloyd 's membership was a bonus from a former employer in 1981 , belongs to Mr. Nutting 's dissident group on the Outhwaite syndicate , which has been hard hit by asbestos reinsurance claims . 
Sales were C$ 348.2 million compared with C$ 307.2 a year earlier . 
`` I 've been two-thirds in cash since July , and I continue to think that having a defensive position is appropriate , '' he says . 
Hiroshima 's waterworks bureau said the municipal government had budgeted about 11 million yen ( $ 77,500 ) for the project . 
Also , the region 's insistence on strict building codes helped prevent wider damage . 
Last October , Mr. Paul paid out $ 12 million of CenTrust 's cash -- plus a $ 1.2 million commission -- for `` Portrait of a Man as Mars . '' 
U.S. officials , however , said they are n't buying the Israeli argument . 
And Resolution Funding Corp. said late yesterday that it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday . 
Swedish auto and aerospace concern Saab-Scania AB said it received a 250 million krona ( $ 39 million ) order from Swiss Crossair , one of Europe 's leading regional air companies , for five Saab 340B turboprop commuter aircraft . 
With the futures locked into a trading halt Oct. 13 and trading in some individual stock difficult , program traders would have undoubtedly fled to the basket system , the traders say . 
The guest paid his bill at the resort hotel , and as he departed he noticed a sign saying , `` Have You Left Anything ? '' 
Dr. Morgan is a highly educated white professional who attended some of the `` best '' schools . 
But increasingly , people are questioning that view , and the critics include some of the country 's most successful investors . 
None made it past the body searches and X-rays of mine security . 
The fear Congress has of any line-item-veto test led Members to add the single most contorted and ridiculous provision this year , `` This section shall be effective only on Oct. 1 , 1989 . '' 
Arkla Inc. said that as part of a program to improve profitability it will take a total of $ 189 million in after-tax charges by year end . 
The defense also learned that college-educated people were uncharacteristically conservative about the Vietnam War . 
John Uphoff , an analyst with Raymond James & Associates , said the results were n't surprising , and attributed the buy-back to management 's confidence in the Mirage 's ability to generate strong cash flow in 1990 . 
The bursts often occur , they said , after they `` perturbed '' the experiments by raising or lowering the amount of electric current being applied , or switching the current off and on . 
That 's the primary reason the company 's share price has held up so well when , in Mr. Smith 's words , `` most companies would have unraveled '' by now . 
Energy Transportation retained Litigation Sciences , at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars , to poll , pre-try , profile and shadow . 
Even before British Air 's announcement , pilot union leaders had been meeting in Chicago yesterday to consider their options . 
International Minerals said the sale will allow Mallinckrodt to focus its resources on its core businesses of medical products , specialty chemicals and flavors . 
The Wilmington , Del. , chemicals concern previously signed research superconductor agreements with Oak Ridge National Laboratory and with Argonne National Laboratory . 
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 . 
Signs of revival seem evident in Hong Kong 's hard-hit hotel sector . 
According to Fred Demler , metals economist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , New York , `` Highland Valley has already started operating and Cananea is expected to do so soon . '' 
Foreign Bonds 
Yesterday 's yield was the lowest since 7.22 % on July 27 . 
In Bombay stock market circles , the buzzword is `` mega . '' 
Doman Industries Ltd. said it increased its stake in Western Forest Products Ltd. to 56 % from 22 % , through a two-step transaction valued at 137 million Canadian dollars ( $ US116.7 million ) . 
The offering , Series 107 , is backed by Freddie Mac 15-year , 9 % securities , and brings Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.8 billion and its total volume to $ 46.8 billion since the program began in February 1988 . 
It is expected to report next summer . 
Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , `` we can handle that , '' Mr. Marous said . 
Using testers could be controversial with financial institutions , but Mr. Grohl said the U.S. League of Savings Institutions had n't yet taken any position on the matter . 
No doubt , Mr. Dinkins has been a calming influence . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. posted a sharp third-quarter turnaround from a year earlier , but net income would have dropped from the second quarter without a $ 37 million after-tax gain . 
The fund made a similar move earlier this year . 
The two-stroke engine displays by Toyota and Fuji Heavy Industries , the maker of Subaru cars , drew plenty of interest from U.S. auto executives , who are rushing to develop two-stroke engines . 
But the FDA in a 1985 letter to the United Egg Producers said that there was `` little likelihood '' of a health problem as long as instructions were followed . 
But media-stock analyst Richard J. MacDonald of MacDonald Grippo Riely says Wall Street wo n't take kindly to that . 
Sea Containers will soon set a date for its annual shareholder meeting to seek holder approval for the offer . 
Tele-Communications controls close to 12 million cable subscribers , and Viacom has about one million . 
Mr. Whitten 's package appears to accomplish this purpose , but the state faces more resistance in its bid for an extended waiver on having to put up any matching funds on repairs completed in the next six months . 
The effort will make the Peanuts gang very familiar pitchmen in 1990 . 
Despite valiant efforts by Finance Minister Mailson Ferreira da Nobrega , inflation came to 36 % in September alone and is expected to top 1,000 % for the year . 
Two Mexican college dropouts , not professional art thieves , have been arrested for a 1985 Christmas Eve burglary from the National Museum of Anthropology in Mexico City . 
Last week , Central Intelligence Agency Director William Webster publicly called on Congress to provide new interpretations of the assassination order that would permit the U.S. more freedom to act in coups . 
Revenue grew 24 % to $ 614.5 million from $ 497.1 million . 
Mr. Lipstein 's absence from the meeting here raised speculation that the sale is in trouble . 
`` We think we can reclaim hundreds of millions of dollars just through the nonresident project , '' Mr. Hicks declares . 
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-Share Index plummeted 40.4 points to close at 2149.3 . 
Recently Saudi Arabia and Venezuela , traditional heavy-crude producers , have boasted of new finds of light , low-sulfur oil by their national oil companies . 
John A. Conlon Jr. , 45 , was named a managing director at this investment-banking company . 
Nevertheless , Oregon Sen. Bob Packwood , the ranking GOP member on the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee , last night introduced his plan as an amendment to a pending measure authorizing U.S. aid for Poland and Hungary . 
It struck me as a way to get back to what I really want to do . '' 
One customer , Donald Blaggs of Mobile , says the Barrett Rake allowed him to do his lawn in 2 1\/2 hours , two hours less than usual . 
While Mideast crude imports were higher compared with year-earlier levels , they fell 18 % compared with August imports . 
Takeover stock traders , focusing on the company 's intention to stay independent , took the announcement as bad news . 
But the agency viewed the creation of the new plans as an abuse of federal pension law and an attempt to transfer the liability of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall from LTV to federal insurance . 
Could the collapse of I-880 have been prevented ? 
Both men fit the mood of the times -- the mood being one of a public fed up with officials ' rationalizations for why their schools do n't work . 
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company . 
Crude oil prices rose slightly in lackluster activity as traders in the pits tried to assess action in the stock market . 
Mr. Bergsma said Akzo hopes to have approval to sell its Marvelon pill in the U.S. in 1992 . 
The use of the abominable construction practices in the Soviet Union -- as evidenced by the collapse of sand apartment blocks during the Armenian earthquake -- as a metaphor for the U.S. economic system was a sublime example of Mr. Cockburn 's satirical muse . 
Fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly pronounced in the South . 
The report , which comes 25 years after the U.S. Surgeon General issued a report warning against the dangers of smoking , is the strongest indication to date that the reduction in smoking is leading to lower death rates from lung cancer . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
This interest in words goes beyond puns and playfulness , however . 
Millicom Inc. , offering of $ 60 million subordinated exchangeable debentures , via Bear , Stearns & Co. Inc . 
Pitney Bowes Inc. directors authorized the company to seek buyers for its Wheeler Group Inc. subsidiary , a direct mail marketer of office supplies . 
In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday . 
Munching pizza when they could and yelling until their voices gave out , the two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board 's UAL trading post yesterday presided over what can only be described as a financial free-for-all . 
Mr. Gaubert 's suit to recover his damages was dismissed last year by U.S. District Judge Robert Maloney of Dallas under the Federal Tort Claims Act , which offers broad protection for actions by federal agencies and employees . 
The subsidiary also increased reserves by $ 140 million , however , and set aside an additional $ 25 million for claims connected with Hurricane Hugo . 
Priam Corp. lost 5\/32 to 3\/32 after filing for protection from its creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code . 
`` I 'm not sure he 's explained everything , '' Mrs. Stinnett says grudgingly . 
Now they realize magazines are as much a franchise as Nabisco is a franchise . 
A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the `` core capital '' criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
But traders said the quake had only a minor impact on the trading of California state and local municipal debt . 
And in most cases , a huge hunk of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is , in effect , paying the salesman 's commission as well ; investment returns on most policies are actually negative for several years , largely because of this . 
Bloomingdale 's does an estimated $ 1.2 billion in annual sales . 
CRI Inc. said it reduced the estimated cash distribution for its Capital Housing and Mortgage Partners Inc. trust to between 71 cents and 74 cents a share , from between 75 cents and 80 cents , for the year ending June 9 , 1990 . 
Lower feed prices may help animals eat more cheaply , but humans have to factor in an expensive middleman : the processor . 
But the talks on a heavy truck alliance apparently did n't go far . 
In 1900 , for instance , less than 8 % of assets went into bank deposits . 
Jerell could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
Mr. Horton , who oversaw Gulf Power 's governmental-affairs efforts , died mysteriously in a plane crash in April after learning he might be fired following the uncovering of irregularities in a company audit . 
Analysts were only slightly disappointed by Citicorp 's numbers . 
While the pound has attempted to stabilize , currency analysts say it is in critical condition . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Bankers Trust fell 12.5 cents to $ 50.50 . 
And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did . 
British Airways said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Air 's parent . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 224,070,000 shares . 
Food companies probably wo n't cut their prices much , blaming other costs . 
Some 1,111 Big Board issues advanced in price and only 448 declined , while broader market averages rose sharply . 
Moreover , state-owned Finnish companies lacking formal state guarantees could face greater difficulty raising funds in international financial markets , bankers say . 
Yesterday 's statement did n't say whether the Japanese companies will acquire Qintex 's remaining stake in the resorts . 
The powerful Democrat had first wanted to add language relaxing environmental restrictions on two mills on the Hamakua coast that are threatening to close . 
The election was by secret ballot in the General Assembly . 
The board of this Ponce , Puerto Rico concern voted to suspend payment of its quarterly of 11 cents a share for the third quarter . 
For travelers , though , the industry 's problems have had some positive effects . 
He felt we should be giving something back . '' 
He suspects that Friday 's market decline may have a second leg , perhaps a 10 % to 15 % drop later on . 
The consumer electronics , home appliances and information-processing concern said revenue in the six months ended Sept. 30 rose 8.9 % to 517.85 billion yen from 475.6 billion yen . 
In most civil cases , judges allow each side three such challenges . 
Philips Industries Inc. said its board authorized the redemption Dec. 6 of the company 's $ 1 cumulative convertible special preferred stock at $ 37.50 a share , not including a 25 cent dividend for the current quarter , and the $ 3 cumulative convertible preferred stock at $ 75 , plus a 75 cent dividend for the current quarter . 
BOTH SIDES NOW : 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Green said he had boosted his holdings in Bancroft common to 10.4 % from 8.5 % , and renewed an offer he made in March to acquire the fund . 
But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to China . 
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days . 
Resolution Funding Corp. , known as Refcorp , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled savings and loan associations , will hold its first bond auction Wednesday , when it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds . 
The buy-back represents about 3 % of the company 's shares , based on the 3.7 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 . 
And assuming their first investment is successful , investors will have to pay taxes on their gains . 
`` Unless the market goes to 19 million units -- which we all know it 's not going to do -- we have the inescapable fact that the transplants are adding capacity , '' Mr. Lutz said last month . 
Heavy losses in North American auto operations sent GM 's net tumbling to $ 516.9 million from a record $ 859.2 million . 
`` They got a transaction that 's good for both companies . '' 
Mr. Carpenter says that when he assumes full control , Kidder will finally tap the resources of GE . 
That can be expensive , because the problem may not be noticed for a while , and the sheets are typically thrown away . 
He said he monitors the money-supply figures , but does n't give them paramount importance , as some private and government economists have suggested . 
An investigation by U.S. Postal inspectors is continuing . 
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence . 
But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults . 
One analyst said the first ship probably will be delivered close to schedule , but that Carnival may have to pay up to 25 % more to get the second and third ships . 
Though for some magazines categories a tough advertising climate persists , the industry in general is doing well compared with the newspaper industry . 
`` When we decided to look outside the company for critical data-processing and communications services , we wanted to get the best vendor for that service , '' said Paul Allen , the spokesman . 
Social Security benefits will rise 4.7 % next year to keep pace with inflation , boosting the average monthly benefit to $ 566 from $ 541 , the Department of Health and Human Services announced . 
The Bush administration , hearing conflicting advice about what its role in HDTV should be , is n't doing much for now . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.30 % six months . 
Five of the partners -- James W. Morris , Philip B. Morris , Robert M. White , Ann Adams Webster and Jacqueline G. Epps -- are opening a boutique in Richmond to concentrate on corporate defense litigation , particularly in product liability cases . 
Maybe so -- if you can find where your favorite writer went . 
`` I said , ` NOW ? ' 
It is a problem common to small companies that have grown fast -- especially when their success attracts big-time competitors . 
But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it `` flattery . '' 
It 's one more for the baseball-loving lawyers , accountants and real estate developers who ponied up about $ 1 million each for the chance to be an owner , to step into the shoes of a Gene Autry or have a beer with Rollie Fingers . 
`` We can not quantify the total adverse effects of Hugo , '' said Edwin Colodny , chairman and president of USAir Group . 
The announcement was made because of reports Tuesday that Cuba would delay shipments to Japan scheduled for later this year , into early next year . 
But he also cited concerns over the company 's mortgage exposure in the troubled New England real estate market . 
`` It 's been a spectacular year for the emerging growth stock investor , '' Mr. Weisberg said . 
The early move essentially established the day 's trading range , and traders said they saw little of the program activity that has battered the market recently . 
Duck swarms . 
But they said the C$ 30-a-share bid , which was due to expire Monday , may still be extended or varied . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds . 
Bond prices rallied . 
It also enables minimills finally to get a toehold in the flat-rolled steel market -- the major steelmakers ' largest , most prized , and until now , untouchable , market . 
The resort will include the MGM Grand Hotel , a multi-spired , castle-like facility that will include 5,000 rooms and 85,000 square feet of casino space . 
We recall that Mr. Roberts not only chides the Chancellor for being too easy because of a desire to constrain sterling , but also led the chorus saying that Mr. Volcker was too tight when he let the dollar rise . 
`` We think the worst is over '' in the European information-technology market , she said . 
The prosecutor quoted statements from the Marcoses in which they said they were in this country at the invitation of President Reagan and that they were enjoying the hospitality of the U.S. . 
Singer Bette Midler won a $ 400,000 federal court jury verdict against Young & Rubicam in a case that threatens a popular advertising industry practice of using `` sound-alike '' performers to tout products . 
Sassy already has recovered ; circulation has quickly passed the 500,000 mark and advertising pages have stabilized this year at more than 300 . 
Many skittish mutual fund investors picked up the phone yesterday , but decided not to cash in their chips after all . 
Shearson , which in September was the 11th-biggest program trader on the Big Board , had already suspended stock-index arbitrage for its own account . 
S&P also lowered ratings on unsecured deposits and issues backed by a letter of credit from the bank holding company 's principal unit , Valley National Bank of Arizona . 
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions . 
Then , by voice vote , the Senate voted a pork-barrel bill , approved Thursday by the House , for domestic military construction . 
Soon she was running the office . 
In an eight-count indictment , the government charged GAF , a Wayne , N.J. , chemical maker , and Mr. Sherwin with illegally attempting to manipulate the common stock of Union Carbide Corp. in advance of GAF 's planned sale of a large block of the stock in 1986 . 
Mr. Lescaze is foreign editor of the Journal . 
Volume was a modest 405.4 million shares traded , but better than the year 's lowest turnover of 276.8 million Monday . 
Asked if the Soviets , like Chinese officials , wo n't one day face a similar conflict between the desire to liberalize economically and yet retain political control , Mr. Lee said , `` I would think that the Soviets face a deeper dilemma because they have been more in blinkers than the Chinese -- I mean keeping their people cut off from the outside world . '' 
`` Employers who saw a short-term moderation in benefit expenditures are seeing a return to previous trends . '' 
At the moment , Nomura is the only Japanese institution authorized to act as a primary seller of Fannie Mae instruments . 
But transportation officials worry that such extraordinary measures and cooperation may not last . 
He got three trucks and a backhoe cheap . 
Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans that could be more broadly transferable . 
The tax business still provides about 70 % of earnings , on about 50 % of sales . 
`` It 's a segmented market , and if you have a good , strong credit , people have an appetite for it , '' he said . 
Typically , banks offer CD yields higher than those on Treasury bills , which are considered the safest short-term investments ; banks need a competitive edge to sell their products . 
Options give a holder the right , but not the obligation , to buy or sell a security at a set price within a set period of time . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.50 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
Bids totaling $ 425 million were submitted . 
Mr. Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at the City University of New York and a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history and biography . 
In August 1983 , Mr. Noriega took over as General and de-facto dictator of Panama , having maneuvered his way to the top only two years after the mysterious death in a plane crash of his old boss Omar Torrijos . 
Politrick 
Friday 's Market Activity 
`` This is a blow not only to Eastern but to the creditors committee , '' he said . 
Mr. Miller , who has been a Coda director , also was named chief executive officer , succeeding Ted Eubank , who remains president and chief operating officer . 
Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene . 
Japanese immigration authorities said they found 658 more Chinese among Vietnamese boat people , bringing the number of Chinese trying to enter Japan by posing as Vietnamese refugees this year to 1,642 . 
That 's politics . 
Experts on sales technique say anyone representing a troubled company must walk a fine line . 
The ministers ordered a study on the strategic role of nuclear arms in Western Europe once Soviet conventional weapons are reduced in the East bloc . 
In magazines , higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines . 
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country . 
Be the Star 
It has a `` great location , but they 're going to have some real problems when everyone around them opens , '' says Daniel Lee , a Drexel analyst . 
Food , tobacco , drugs and utilities are the classic examples . 
The lonely woman walks on in the direction of the Plaza de Alonso Martinez . 
The lyric chosen -- `` long strange night '' -- may be an apt footnote to television spots by both candidates intended to portray each other as a liar . 
The two companies , both based in San Juan , will form a bank holding company with assets of just over $ 9 billion . 
As Judge Kozinski put it : `` To invoke the right to deliberately distort what someone else has said is to assert the right to lie in print ... . 
All the concerns are based in Toronto . 
When it was restarted , heat output `` really took off '' and produced excess heat for several hours before dying down , he said . 
The number of big institutions that own H&R Block shares is 207 and growing , according to a midyear tally by CDA Investment Technologies . 
Both the Peasants and Rural Solidarity are forming new political parties for farmers . 
Other airline stocks were mixed . 
Onstage , a congressional hearing is in progress , complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background . 
Many traders say that `` circuit breakers '' put in place to damp volatility after the 1987 crash actually added to volatility when the stock market plunged Friday . 
Nevertheless , Merrill Lynch has agreed that if the thrift that issued Dr. Blumenfeld 's CD , Peoples Heritage Federal Savings & Loan Association in Salina , Kan. , is liquidated and the CD terminated , the brokerage firm would cover the premium Dr. Blumenfeld paid . 
Moreover , many financial advisers say individuals should be in the stock market as long-term investors , not as traders trying to catch the next hot stock . 
Mr. Bockris previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water . 
That is gilding the lily . 
Sales rose 4.5 % to $ 522.3 million from $ 499.4 million . 
The 31-year-old homemaker adds , `` The only other thing I 'm really loyal to is my Virginia Slims cigarettes . 
UAL stock dropped $ 1.625 yesterday to $ 190.125 on volume of 923,500 shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Brawls between union factions still erupt at Pemex installations . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
In Oakland , hopes faded for finding any more survivors within the concrete and steel from the collapse of an interstate highway . 
Both Renault and DAF will have world-wide marketing rights for the new range of vans and light trucks . 
The 1987 highway bill permitted states to raise the speed limit to 65 mph from 55 mph on interstate roads , which are defined as highways that pass through areas with fewer than 50,000 people . 
Last Friday , takeover traders spilled out of Hilton , knocking the stock down 21 1\/2 to 85 . 
They still buy apples mainly for big , red good looks -- that 's why so many taste like woodchucks ' punching bags . 
Mr. Ravine succeeds William R. Mansfield Jr. , who will remain with the company until the end of the year to support the transition and to complete important projects . 
After today 's announcement , that range could increase to $ 3.35 to $ 3.40 a share . 
Mr. Evans could n't be reached yesterday for comment . 
With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Tiempo , Interviu and Panorama , and three regional dailies . 
Keep in mind that this is the same movie in which a character is flattened by a steamroller only to pop right back up and peer in the window of a Boeing 747 -- from the outside -- as it takes off . 
Daimler-Benz Chairman Edzard Reuter told Milan 's financial daily Il Sole 24 Ore that talks are taking place between both companies ' aerospace units . 
The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , and for increases of 19 cents , 70 cents and 35 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , 1992 and 1993 , respectively . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , US Facilities closed at $ 3.625 , unchanged . 
Norway 's unemployment rate for October was 3.6 % , unchanged from September but up from 2.6 % in the same month last year . 
The Fed also said U.S. industry operated at 83.6 % of capacity last month , down from 83.8 % in August . 
Mr. Wanniski is president of Polyconomics Inc. , of Morristown , N.J . 
RD : 
That same calculation saw profit rates fall to 4.6 % in the recession year 1982 and the supposed miracle that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 8.1 % in 1986 and 8 % in 1987 . 
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well-hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall . 
Rep. Dingell even managed to enlist the services of the Secret Service in his investigation of the Baltimore paper . 
Not that getting into town was easy . 
One was so fantastic in appearance , it was dubbed Hallucigenia . 
But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine , and the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line but would have trouble painting a thin one . 
Just in time for Halloween , Britain 's Oxford University Press is publishing a `` Dictionary of Superstitions . '' 
That allowed him to get stronger and stronger , '' he says . 
`` It 's going to set things back for a period , because it reinforces the concern of volatility , '' says Jeffrey B. Lane , president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The rich image of Newport Beach also helps lend the con artists ' operation an air of respectability . 
In addition , Delmed , which makes and sells a dialysis solution used in treating kidney diseases , said negotiations about pricing had collapsed between it and a major distributor , National Medical Care Inc . 
`` And we do n't have internal controls and discipline that we need to have to spend $ 5 billion properly . '' 
Trek Bicycle Corp. , which accounts for one-quarter of the $ 400 million in annual sales at its Milwaukee-based parent , Intrepid Corp. , entered the mountain-bike business in 1983 . 
The company , based in San Francisco , said it had to shut down a crude-oil pipeline in the Bay area to check for leaks but added that its refinery in nearby Richmond , Calif. , was undamaged . 
The retailer was unable to find a buyer for the building . 
He produced it . 
As previously reported , a member of the Philippines ' House of Representatives has sued to stop the plant . 
Honeywell said its Defense and Marine Systems group incurred delays in shipping some undisclosed contracts during the third quarter , resulting in lower operating profit for that business . 
He 's written this book , ` The Art of the Deal . ' 
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers . 
For the first time since the mid-1970s , Westinghouse this year has seen a significant increase in orders for power plants . 
Its revenue totaled $ 184.4 million , an increase of 172 % from $ 67.8 million a year ago . 
It 's currently forced to turn away many potential subscribers beyond the 13,000 who can be accommodated in its present digs . 
The Bay Bridge , the main artery into San Francisco from the east , will be closed for at least several weeks . 
Her parents lost everything in the 1906 earthquake . 
Westamerica has about $ 1.3 billion of assets and is the largest independent bank in northern California . 
For example , legal restrictions on interstate banking once inhibited the supply of credit to the agricultural sector . 
Defense and foreign aid are the two most critical areas remaining from the administration 's standpoint . 
The federal funds rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in the Fed 's credit policy . 
Nihon Keizai Shimbun , Japan 's leading economic newspaper , reported Wednesday that Tokyu Department Store Co. is planning to team up with U.S. and Western European financing to buy the New York-based retail chain , which Campeau has put up for sale . 
At the same time , he remains fairly pessimistic about the outlook for imports , given continued high consumer and capital goods inflows . 
Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid to San Francisco . 
The paper gave no details of what the restrictions would entail but said the measures were necessary to protect the domestic market . 
Economist David N. Laband 's Sept. 27 editorial-page article , `` In Hugo 's Path , a Man-Made Disaster , '' decries the control of price gouging , swiftly ordered by South Carolina 's governor after Hurricane Hugo . 
`` We may not have every manufacturing problem , but we have most , '' said George Conrades , IBM 's top marketing official . 
For some investors , it 's the appearances that leave them deceived . 
The only passenger who survived the crash was Cecelia Cichan , then 4 , of Tempe , Ariz. , whose parents and brother died in the crash . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
The debt consists of $ 50 million of 13 3\/8 % subordinated notes due 1998 , and $ 25 million of 9 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2012 . 
Pushing the issue on legislation needed to avoid default by the federal government , he told reporters , `` does n't seem to be very good strategy to me . '' 
In the last decade , many corporations have embraced the `` utilization management '' cost containment strategy as a way to control health-care costs for employees . 
`` I do n't think there 's anyone not building one . '' 
During the past four months , retail sales have remained generally weak , advancing an average 0.2 % a month , the agency said . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
For the six months ended June 30 , it reported net income of $ 234.3 million , or $ 4.83 a share , including $ 46 million from tax credits and accounting changes . 
Caere was underwritten by Alex . Brown & Sons . 
And it calculates how often the words appear in the story compared with how often they appear in the entire data base . 
I 'm thinking about using the $ 871 annual premium to finance a trip to Paris first . 
For all of 1988 , Bouygues had consolidated profit of 519 million francs , after payments to minority interests , on revenue of 50 billion francs . 
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41-lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health-care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers . 
The move was meant to keep a lid on interest rates and to boost investor confidence . 
Esselte Business Systems rose 1 to 43 1\/2 . 
Springs Industries dropped 1 3\/8 to 36 . 
PRIMERICA Corp. , New York , raised its quarterly 14 % to eight cents a share , from seven cents , payable Nov. 24 to stock of record Nov. 6 . 
The characters will also be featured in a new public service effort for the United Way . 
The Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was up 7.81 at 2687.53 . 
`` I think that 's the first nonstop commercial passenger flight from Japan to land here , '' an airport spokesman said . 
`` Opening '' ( 1981 ) , from Glassworks , introduces the audience to the Glass technique : Never straying too far from the piano 's center , Mr. Glass works in the two octaves on either side of middle C , and his fingers seldom leave the keys . 
And Alcan Aluminium Ltd. yesterday reported net income slid 30 % to $ 180 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 258 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy . 
`` I told my driver , '' he said , `` that he was taking my butt to the Central Committee so they can ... '' whack , whack , whack his hand made vigorous spanking gestures on his left palm . `` 
In the merger , each share of Webster , based in Waterbury , will be converted into one share of the new company . 
The usual suspects are found to be guilty , then not guilty , then guilty -- but of a different crime . 
At Jasper Jeep-Eagle , one of the largest Jeep dealerships in the country , inventories have continued to swell . 
As for other export customers , the Soviet Union is n't expected to be back buying U.S. corn in significant amounts until early next year , he said . 
The higher payments will start with Social Security checks received on Jan. 3 , 1990 . 
It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Dr. Baltimore 's impending appointment . 
Falcon , a limited partnership , said it wanted the increase in order to continue its $ 2.15-per-unit annual payment , and for expansion and acquisitions . 
The buy-out group is also entitled to $ 16 million to repay a fund created by the pilots union for an employee stock ownership plan . 
The effective date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed until Oct. 1 next year , and the bill seeks to reverse efforts by the corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food Research and Action Center . 
`` Putting those times on the calendar , '' she says , `` is as important as remembering business appointments . '' 
Western Digital Corp. reported a net loss of $ 2.7 million , or nine cents a share , for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 , citing factors as varied as hurricane damage , an advance in graphics technology and the strengthening dollar . 
The rise came as traders continued to dump the pound after the sudden resignation Thursday of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson . 
They value McCaw 's bid at $ 112 to $ 118 a share . 
People who paid a premium for standard CDs purchased on the secondary market could also find that those premiums are n't insured if the institutions that issued the CDs failed . 
Dr. Solomon Sobel , director of metabolism and endrocrine drug products for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , said FDA officials have discussed Dr. Toseland 's findings `` fairly intensively . '' 
The appointment of Peat Marwick , which has a unit that specializes in advising troubled companies , came about as a result of a round of meetings held by Qintex Australia Chairman Christopher Skase with bank creditors . 
They included one of Mr. Noriega 's closest friends and business partners , Carlos Wittgreen . 
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics . 
Rainbow 's stock dropped 2 to 14 1\/4 . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
During the third quarter , Exxon purchased 8.34 million shares of its stock at a cost of $ 373 million . 
IMA Holdings Corp. completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. , purchasing 63 million shares , or 86 % , of the Los Angeles-based health-care services concern for $ 26.50 a share . 
Francoise Verne , 52-year-old former deputy director of France 's mint , faces prison for her theft of some 67 rare coins from the mint 's collections . 
Ford Motor Co. slated overtime again this week at its Wixom , Mich. ; Wayne , Mich. ; Kansas City , Mo. , and Norfolk , Va. , assembly plants . 
Michael F. Harris , 53 , was named executive vice president , North America , for the Financial Times , the business newspaper published by this company that also has interests in book publishing , fine china , oil services and investment banking . 
A Toto spokesman said the toilet not only tests blood pressure , pulse and urine , it also stores the data for up to 130 days . 
Net loss : $ 1.7 million vs. net income : $ 21.2 million ; or 12 cents a share 
A Sanwa Bank spokesman denied that the finance ministry played any part in the bank 's decision . 
In response , Mr. Peters says , Mr. Ross referred to his colleagues at Warner with an `` obscenity '' and said : `` Tell them that they do n't have a job . 
Kidder so far this year has executed a monthly average of 37.8 million shares in index-arbitrage trading , and is second only to Morgan Stanley in overall program trading , which includes index arbitrage . 
These failures in turn contributed to the fall in the market averages : Uncertainty extracted an extra risk premium and margin-calls triggered additional selling pressures . 
`` This is one thing I was never aware of , '' he says . 
`` If you create a wonderment , if you create something so exciting that the public dreams of being part of it , then they 'll come , '' he says . 
Mr. Whittle said private and parochial schools in both states will be canvassed to see if they are interested in getting the programs . 
PRECIOUS METALS : 
The 8 ft. hedges which obstruct views in and out of small ` rooms ' insure ... that this garden will be a potential breeding ground for crime . '' 
The perception lingers , says an official at a major industrial company . 
ESPs will allow institutional investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade of a minimum of $ 5 million . 
Clarcor said it is inviting proposals from other prospective purchasers of the unit . 
Construction spending is believed to have slipped about 0.5 % from August levels , although economists noted the rate probably will pick up in the months ahead in response to hurricane and earthquake damage . 
An aggressive Ford bid for Jaguar would put pressure on GM to make a better offer as the British company 's `` white knight . '' 
Eventually viewers may grow bored with the technology and resent the cost . 
Some residents defied orders and returned to `` red '' buildings to retrieve goods . 
No one around me was saying anything . 
Brazilian financier Naji Nahas , who was arrested on Monday after 102 days in hiding , is likely to be interrogated next week by the Brazilian judiciary . 
The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since March 16 , a Maxicare spokesman said . 
Many investment managers say futures are useful as a way to hedge portfolios . 
Machine tools are complex machines ranging from lathes to metal-forming presses that are used to shape most metal parts . 
In 1936 , John Maynard Keynes wrote that `` of the maxims of orthodox finance none , surely , is more antisocial than the fetish of liquidity . '' 
3COM CORP. , Santa Clara , maker of computer communications systems , annual sales of $ 386 million , OTC , slight structural damage to headquarters , communications systems already fully operational . 
The comic book will cost about $ 2 . 
Teens will be able to listen to music with headsets . 
Digital is expected to tag its new line from about $ 1.24 million to $ 4.4 million and up , depending on configuration . 
Columbia Savings & Loan Association , reeling from thrift-accounting changes mandated by Congress and the recent collapse of the junk-bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 226.3 million , or $ 11.57 a share . 
Crane dropped 1 1\/8 to 21 1\/8 . 
Kellogg is based in Battle Creek , Mich. , a city that calls itself the breakfast capital of the world . 
Rockwell said the agreement calls for it to supply 200 additional so-called shipsets for the planes . 
`` There is no violation of the capitalistic principle of private property in what we are doing , '' says Lee Kyu Hwang , director of the government 's Land Bureau , which drafted the bills . 
`` Although it probably has reduced the level of expenditures for some purchasers , utilization management -- like most other cost containment strategies -- does n't appear to have altered the long-term rate of increase in health-care costs , '' the Institute of Medicine , an affiliate of the National Academy of Sciences , concluded after a two-year study . 
Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels ; government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products ; and free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers and purchasers . 
He remains secretary . 
When he sneaked back later to try again , a different policeman offered to help him get the car out . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
Industry analysts predict that by 1995 , South Korea will be building three million cars a year -- about half of that for export . 
California 's insurance commissioner does n't hold hearings on acquisition applications . 
`` Empty tank cars will float away on you if you get a big tidal surge . '' 
Mazda Motor Corp. is still considering its options , but it boldly aims to double its annual domestic sales to 800,000 cars in the next four years . 
Did Mr. Loeb seek personal gain ( and if so , how ) ? 
In California , a bellwether market , they accounted for more than 80 % of all bike sales . 
Avondale Industries Inc. received a $ 13.5 million Navy contract for ship spare parts . 
More than 20 new managing directors and senior vice presidents have been hired since January . 
The Members could still try to serve their constituents with special-interest goodies , but the police ( in the form of a President ) would be there with a straitjacket if they really get crazy , as they do now . 
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments . 
The Fed is easily assigned the blame for unpleasantness , like high interest rates or slow economic growth , while the politicians can escape responsibility by pointing to the Fed 's independence . 
The loan to UMNO was made in September 1983 . 
On the one hand , Mr. Giuliani wants to cut into Mr. Dinkins 's credibility . 
The Berkeley police do n't have any leads but doubt the crime was driven by a passion for sweets . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
What the Arabs started , inflation finished . 
Led by a near-perfect performance by Alan Wilder as Max , the father , the play is at once an appalling and hilarious dissection of a family 's rage , bitterness , fear and isolation . 
First Options did n't have to put any money into the bailout . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be `` solidly profitable '' for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring `` more of the same . '' 
`` Nothing has happened since we signed the contract to undermine our conviction that Hydro-Quebec was the lowest-cost , most environmentally acceptable choice for meeting a part of our customers ' energy needs through the year 2020 , '' said Central Maine senior vice president Donald F. Kelly . 
`` There were some business deals that went bad , '' Mr. Jones says , `` but no intent to defraud . '' 
Goya is selling Leche Fresca in nearly 500 grocery stores and bodegas in New York and parts of New Jersey . 
The vaccine , VaxSyn HIV-1 , has been safely given to 14 people , some of whom are experiencing substantial increases in certain antibodies . 
Rockefeller Group agreed to sell a 51 % interest to Mitsubishi Estate , a major Japanese developer and property owner , for $ 846 million . 
If the White House spots one , it intends to fire a veto at it . 
According to the executive , BDDP 's involvement prompted renewed vigor in the WCRS-Eurocom talks and the two agencies were hoping to hammer out details by today . 
Braumeisters Ltd. tests a beer brewed with oat bran , rather than rice or corn . 
`` For the middle and upper-middle class { Filipino } is declasse , '' says Bien Lumbera , a Philippine-studies professor at Quezon City 's University of the Philippines . 
Officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said they have punished only a few banks for violations of anti-discrimination laws . 
The official Xinhua News Agency said the municipal government was discussing a draft bill to give the capital its first anti-prostitution statutes . 
The latest 10-year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday . 
The Merksamer bankruptcy-law filing appears to supersede that agreement . 
The aftershocks of the highway tragedy are reverberating in Los Angeles as well , as local politicians spoke yesterday against plans to bring double-decking to Los Angeles freeways by 1994 . 
`` I guess we 'll reluctantly go ahead and do it , vote for Dinkins , '' says Richard Wade , a politically active professor who supported Richard Ravitch , an also-ran in the Democratic primary . 
Indeed , the stock market 's steady advance this year tracked with President Bush 's success in advancing his capital-gains proposal . 
A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would , per year , be expected to have eight burglaries , 70 thefts of or from autos , and four robberies . 
FEDERAL COURTS URGED to cut costs and reduce delays of civil suits . 
Himont , another majority-owned unit of Montedison , added 1 1\/4 to 47 1\/8 . 
Remarketers make modifications to IBM 's computer hardware and resell the products . 
Early intervention into these types of problems can apparently save businesses long-term expense associated with hospitalization , which sometimes results when these problems go untreated for too long . 
The U.S. officials said that despite the rapid changes under way in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union , all the Cocom members agreed on `` the continuing need for this organization , '' which was founded 40 years ago at the start of the Cold War . 
That information , he argued , is critical to reconstructing sharp market moves , such as the one nearly two weeks ago . 
BAY AREA COMMUTERS BATTLED earthquake-related transportation snarls . 
Tradition is dictator at Lloyd 's . 
The judge says he is confident he will return to his old bench . 
On a single day Inco lifted its offer to $ 38 and then to $ 41 , equal to $ 225.5 million . 
In recent years , growth has come in the foreign markets . 
Mr. Angelo was described in the filing as a consultant to Oasis . 
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . '' 
`` This was a Kidder Peabody stand-alone decision . '' 
Until the building is completed , Exxon will rent part of an existing office tower . 
The plan , outlined in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , also calls for creditors and shareholders to receive common stock and warrants in the new company . 
The Diet does n't normally even debate bills because the opposition parties are so often opposed to whatever LDP does that it would be a waste of time . 
'' But the enterprises still in state hands include the biggest and most economically powerful ones in Mexico ; indeed , they virtually constitute the economic infrastructure . 
`` It 's quite a bombshell , '' said one , adding that the offer could spark a period of industry consolidation . 
Yesterday 's vote on Japanese-American reparations ensures final enactment of the entitlement provision , which abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts but is seen as a more realistic path to expediting compensation first authorized in 1988 . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Champion 's shares rose 25 cents to $ 32.125 . 
His seven-bedroom cedar and brick house outside of Johnstown is up for sale to pay for his lawyers . 
But it paled by comparison to what Sony was to offer last month : the chance , at last , to run a major studio , about $ 50 million in deferred compensation , up to 10 % of Columbia 's future cash flow , 8 % of the future appreciation of Columbia 's market value , and annual salaries of $ 2.7 million for each . 
`` A union , sooner or later , has to have an adversary , and it has to have a victory , '' Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman and chief executive , says with disdain . 
The Treasury 's 30-year bond ended over 1\/4 point higher . 
Cimflex Teknowledge rose 13\/16 , or 39 % , to 2 7\/8 on volume of 494,100 shares . 
The Humana hospital responded by jacking up prices to make up for lost revenue , Mr. Conn says , and now charges as much as $ 8,000 for the procedure , which costs only about $ 3,500 in Lexington . 
What we 're seeing now makes a mockery of the idea of insurance : collect premiums from the healthy , dump the sick and let them pay their own bills . '' 
Iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 4.65 an hour in January 1992 -- but small-business lobbyists won an exclusion for tiny concerns and a lower training rate . 
During 1988 , the Datatronic subsidiaries had combined sales in excess of $ 200 million . 
The antibody then kills the cell . 
You just call your broker and say `` buy '' or `` sell . '' 
Which makes the chase car necessary . 
`` We are stewards here , not of the mortgage companies , but the taxpayers , '' said the Texas Republican . 
`` It 's hard to know right now if the change is fundamental or cyclical . '' 
The Fed is responsive to , and can not help being responsive to , the more overtly political part of the government . 
But it is his portrait of Cairo low-life -- of charlatans and opium addicts , of streets filled with `` dust , vegetable litter , and animal dung '' -- that made his reputation , and won him the Nobel Prize in 1988 . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Corry , once named chief executive , did n't waste any time distancing himself from his former boss , who still has an office on the 62nd floor of the USX tower in Pittsburgh . 
By a lopsided 401-18 margin , the chamber rejected an effort to waive Gramm-Rudman for purposes of addressing the two disasters , and budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will widen the fiscal 1990 deficit by at least $ 1.44 billion unless offsetting spending cuts or new revenues are found by Congress . 
Lawmakers in both houses support the higher level . 
Wellington was closed . 
`` You are talking about a couple hundred thousand a year , '' said Bob Barber , an auto-industry analyst at U.K. brokerage James Capel & Co . 
Nonetheless , the suit seeks unspecified damages that an attorney for Quickview claimed could run into the millions of dollars . 
They pile out of their truck and furiously begin twisting together steel pipes linking a giant storage tank to the Sharpshooter , a freshly drilled oil well two miles deep . 
This is not nearly good enough . 
Even the Soviet Union has Peter the Great to rediscover , should it choose to . 
`` You may have to sell your stocks at a time when the market takes a plunge , '' says Mr. Blankenship , a Del Mar , Calif. financial planner . 
Malcolm , a former film-maker turned architect , has just seen his first big chance at a lucrative commission turn to dust with the arrest of his shady , obnoxious client , a fly-by-night real estate developer . 
Mr. Cornell says : `` The junk market is no bonanza as Drexel claimed , but it also is n't a disaster as the doomsayers say . '' 
The market also moved at early afternoon on news that Jaguar shares were being temporarily suspended at 746 pence ( $ 11.80 ) each . 
Sales for the just-ended period fell to about $ 225 million , the maker of computer parts said . 
It is not my contention that either Mr. Chestman or Mr. Freeman was an innocent victim of prosecutorial overzealousness . 
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment . 
Caltrans abandoned double-decking in the early 1970s , following the 1971 Sylmar earthquake that destroyed freeway sections just north of Los Angeles , Mr. O'Connell explained . 
`` Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , '' the legislation reads , and the new obligations `` shall not be a charge against the Budget Act , Gramm-Rudman-Hollings , or other ceilings . 
Mr. Sung formerly worked at General Electric in research on synthetic diamonds . 
For example , 66 % of the 18 to 24 year olds in the four latest surveys favored an `` open housing '' law prohibiting homeowners from refusing on racial grounds to sell to prospective buyers . 
Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . 
For one thing , there is an old master on the wall -- `` Samuel Anointing David , '' a big baroque canvas painted by Mattia Preti , a 17th-century Neapolitan . 
Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty . 
Other network applications have very different goals . 
The Soviet president and his prime minister , Nikolai Ryzhkov , spent the longest time , about 15 minutes , at the IBM stand , where they got souvenir computer-chip key rings . 
It 's the most controversial form of program trading because it can create abrupt price swings in the stock market . 
American Medical has agreed to the offer , but earlier this month said it had received new `` expressions of interest '' from two previous bidders . 
Acadia Partners and the Bass Group declined to comment . 
Calling sales `` still relatively soft , '' Ms. Steppel believes that in real terms , U.S. sales slipped 3 1\/2 % to 4 % at company-operated stores in the quarter . 
Star lecturer at Harvard , author of numerous popular books on science , and scourge of the creationist lobby , Mr. Gould is perhaps the world 's most eminent evolutionary theorist . 
The company will save between C$ 4 million and C$ 6 million annually in office expenses and other administrative costs by moving to Calgary , Mr. Maier added . 
They know all the answers and are not used to working more than 40 hours a week . 
Given enough of these , this will drive everyone out except the most hardy , '' he adds . 
`` All of the city 's $ 5.9 million emergency reserve was spent in the first 24 hours '' on overtime salaries , he said . 
Using a recent average private-school cost of about $ 12,500 a year , T. Rowe Price 's planner prescribes $ 450 monthly if the plan begins when the child is six . 
Now we must endure a rash of critics who apparently wish to know details of one side only . 
`` We 're very pleased with the new deal . 
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever . 
Although it is having serious cash-flow problems , Bay said the fair-market value of its holdings , minus debt , was equal to $ 6.02 a share at June 30 based on a recent appraisal . 
`` The downside is very considerable , and at the moment the upside is very marginal . '' 
The pop sobered up investors who had been getting a little too ebullient , says Mr. Jarrett . 
`` Everyone left , '' said Peter Lang , reservations manager of the Mark Hopkins Hotel . 
Mr. Dorfman covers investing issues from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Opponents show that there are already more funds available than commendable reform efforts . 
`` Some foodstuff shipments will probably resume Thursday , '' he said . 
A Security magazine survey places the effect of takeovers and buy-outs among the industry 's 10 biggest challenges . 
Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks `` vicious '' and his claims `` reckless , irresponsible and baseless , '' saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan . 
If they were really getting insurance against environmental disaster , the price would be cheap . 
Young & Rubicam has pleaded innocent to the charges . 
As rescue teams continued searching for victims , hundreds of suvivors accused the government of a feeble response following the temblors . 
Once and for all , $ 5-a-barrel crude oil and 35-cents-a-gallon gasoline were history . 
Reps. Hamilton and Dorgan also have altered their bill , dropping a proposal to add the Treasury secretary to the 12-member Fed committee that makes monetary policy . 
Also , withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 5.1 billion in the month . 
Alongside the current non-convertible ruble , a second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for dollars and other Western currencies . 
That judgment , in turn , was reversed by the U.S. Supreme Court , leaving Cohen and Boyer holding the first patents for making recombinant DNA ( now assigned to their schools ) . 
As the market dropped Friday , Robertson Stephens slashed the value of the offering by 7 % . 
Under the agreement , BanPonce stockholders will be able to exchange each of their shares for either shares in the new entity or cash . 
Most of the commodity traffic was off , the company said . 
IRS statistics show that the more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include used-car dealers , entertainment producers , masons , roofers , and taxi owners . 
While the vast bulk of it was indeed spent by reputable organizations on the good works it was raised for , it 's equally true that a sizable hunk was consumed in `` expenses '' claimed by other operators , including fraudulent expenses . 
When a David Baltimore -- or the next target -- decides it is better to stand up to these forces , his fellow scientists would do well to recognize what is fundamentally at stake , and offer their public support . 
Convex closed in over-the-counter trading on Friday at $ 15.375 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
And White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said the deficit was `` an unwelcome increase , '' adding that `` we 're hopeful that it simply is a one-month situation and will turn around . '' 
Esselte AB , the Stockholm office supplies company , as expected , proposed to acquire the 22 % it does n't own of its U.S. unit , Esselte Business Systems Inc . 
`` We have been a great market for inventing risks which other people then take , copy and cut rates . '' 
Toshiba Corp. , for example , is spending $ 986 million on two new plants to build four-megabit dynamic random access memories , the next generation of computer chips . 
Both before and after the Friday plunge , Shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio weighting of 65 % stocks , 20 % bonds and 15 % cash . 
Delmed Inc. 's top two officers resigned and were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , a major Delmed holder that has been negotiating to acquire a controlling stake . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
In June , Virginia sold bonds for $ 268.98 that will pay $ 1,000 in 2009 . 
Jaguar was shocked by Mr. Ridley 's decision , because management had believed the government would n't lift the golden share without consulting the company first . 
`` When you reach a point where a policy-making body is trying to shape administrative decisions , then that 's a no-no in my book , '' the Texas lawmaker says . 
Mr. Putka covers education from The Wall Street Journal 's Boston bureau . 
This will add to the appeal of small business , he says , where investors often have a degree of influence . 
Broader averages also fell . 
The bank 's Third World debt portfolio totals $ 560 million , down from $ 2.2 billion at the end of 1986 . 
Subcontractors said they were told that equipment orders would be delayed . 
According to Teikoku Data Bank Ltd. , which tracks company earnings , Aichi 's revenue rose 15 % to 49.3 billion yen ( $ 348.4 million ) in the year ended February . 
Did n't feel a thing , but noticed some strange bird behavior . 
The order is the biggest in the company 's history . 
Peasants in Inner Mongolia have partly dismantled a 20-mile section of China 's famed Great Wall , the official People 's Daily said . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.42 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened 0.03 percentage point to 1.48 . 
But not just any bonds will do . 
Simply put , there is n't enough business for every store to grow . 
Some service boats recently were auctioned for about $ 1.7 million each , up from less than $ 1 million two years ago . 
Is he a victim of Gramm-Rudman cuts ? 
Other long-distance carriers have also begun marketing enhanced 900 service , and special consultants are springing up to exploit the new tool . 
Authorities in Algeria said the toll from two earthquakes Sunday had reached at least 30 dead and about 250 injured . 
A group of investors led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Burt Sugarman , said it filed with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to buy more than 50 % of the stock of Rally 's Inc. , a fast-food company based in Louisville , Ky . 
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate-beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income-tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts . 
BankAmerica climbed 1 3\/4 to 30 after PaineWebber boosted its investment opinion on the stock to its highest rating . 
Or ever will . '' 
In the herbal lounge she specified a `` plaid knot garden '' decor . 
So despite the GM-Jaguar romance , analysts say Ford by last Friday had boosted its Jaguar holding to about 11 % of the luxury auto maker 's shares outstanding from 10.4 % early last week . 
We did n't think a sleeping { Bell } mentality would be willing to take on dilution . '' 
Philip M. Hawley , chairman of Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. , expects sales at department stores open at least a year to rise a modest 3 % to 5 % over last year 's totals , both for his company and the industry in general . 
The U.S. defines it as `` premediated , politically motivated violence perpetrated against noncombatant targets by subnational groups or clandestine state agents . '' 
Revenue from financial and real-estate services jumped 23 % to $ 177.4 million from $ 144.1 million a year ago . 
Mr. Dole 's odd effort notwithstanding , most of Turkey 's political problems lie with the Europeans . 
( Easy Eggs are pasteurized in a heat-using process . ) 
The analysts say their gloomy forecasts have a flip side . 
The current vaccine for whooping cough , or pertussis , is part of the `` DPT '' ( for diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus ) shot given most infants and young children . 
Overall they increased 2.8 % to 12.1 million , putting U S West over the 12 million mark for the first time . 
Mr. Ely , 57 years old , temporarily increases the board to seven members . 
Chickens carry this bacteria , which can cause upset stomachs and , in rare cases , death among people . 
Jack Kemp wants to abolish it . 
By the end of this year , 63-year-old Chairman Silas Cathcart -- the former chairman of Illinois Tool Works who was derided as a `` tool-and-die man '' when GE brought him in to clean up Kidder in 1987 -- retires to his Lake Forest , Ill. , home , possibly to build a shopping mall on some land he owns . 
LDI termed the paper `` non-recourse financing , '' meaning that investors would be repaid from the lease receivables , rather than directly by LDI Corp . 
But if the A 's had n't won in four , they would have prevailed in five , or six , or seven . 
The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . 
As part of an agreement that settled charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission , a receiver was also appointed for the three venture-capital firms . 
Things wind down at about 4:30 p.m. , just in time for afternoon tea . 
HEYNOW : 
Mr. Redford is slowing down a mindless , speeding maniac known as the progress of mankind . 
On top of that , Boeing would make cost-of-living adjustments projected to be 5 % for each year of the contract . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Integrated closed at $ 1.25 a share , down 25 cents . 
ONEIDA Ltd. declared a 10 % stock dividend , payable Dec. 15 to stock of record Nov. 17 . 
West German interest rates , he said , will remain unchanged . 
`` So before I start to be really critical of NBC , I would like to know more about what happened . '' 
Mr. Carrion , who will now serve as president and chief executive officer of the subsidiary bank , added : `` We 'll be able to better compete with large foreign banks . 
UGI Corp. said its AmeriGas subsidiary completed the previously announced sale of its air separation plant and related assets in Waukesha , Wis. , to AGA Gas Inc. , Cleveland . 
AmBase Corp. , New York , awarded the ad account for its Home Insurance Co. unit to Biederman , Kelly & Shaffer , New York . 
With CBS Inc. on a spending spree that may top $ 2.5 billion for four years of major sports events , the new bout of hyperinflation could jolt the entire broadcast business . 
And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . 
Lionel also urged holders of its stock and debt not to tender their securities , saying it wants to remain independent to pursue its business strategy . 
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken . 
He said he would convene hearings within two weeks . 
The Sidley-Ashurst venture will also be staffed by another Sidley partner specializing in corporate law , a partner from Ashurst concentrating on acquisitions and a Japanese attorney . 
Dr. Starzl said the research has been largely financed by the National Institute of Health and by university funds , and that Fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants . 
The non-food operations accounted for about 27 % of Provigo 's 7.38 billion Canadian dollars ( US$ 6.3 billion ) in sales in the latest fiscal year . 
Shareholders of International Proteins , a food and agriproducts company , will vote on the transaction at a meeting late next month . 
That culture , carefully crafted by Mr. Smith , leaves little , if any , room for unions . 
Jaguar figures a friendly alliance with GM will fend off unwelcome advances from Ford Motor Co . 
West Texas Intermediate was bid up more than 20 cents a barrel in many overseas markets . 
Most of the expenses stem from the company 's huge Mirage resort-casino scheduled to open next month along the Strip , and an April 1989 financing by units operating the downtown Golden Nugget property . 
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts . 
`` We are now monitoring for it much more closely , '' he said . 
Diana D. Brooks , president of Sotheby 's North America division , vehemently denies it offered the Dorrance heirs a money-back guarantee , calling such reports `` inaccurate . '' 
Many farmers , too removed to glean psyllium 's new sparkle in the West , have decided to plant mustard , fennel , cumin , fenugreek or castor-oil seeds . 
Of course , simply buying computers does n't always solve problems , and many American companies have erred by purchasing technology they did n't understand . 
Some diaries simply are n't worth snooping in . 
Bond prices crept higher . 
Answers to a dozen questions in the 1986 , 1987 , 1988 and 1989 national surveys reveal that men and women in the 18 to 24 age bracket are considerably more liberal on race and gender than were the 18 to 24 year olds in NORC 's polling in the early 1970s and early 1980s . 
-- Marvin Alisky . 
Between 1965 and 1985 , Polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 33 % to 6 % of all surface waters , while those unfit even for industry use nearly doubled . 
I do n't want to see some guidelines change that 's going to inhibit my city 's opportunity to use its money . 
Already `` it 's hard to get people . 
The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , have n't been approved in the U.S. for marketing as brain stimulators but are sold for stimulating nerves in the hand , legs and other non-brain areas . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. has them under review . 
In Tokyo Tuesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.32 yen , up from Monday 's Tokyo close of 142.17 yen . 
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . '' 
Speaking to a joint meeting of Congress earlier , he said South Korea ca n't move quickly on such agricultural trade issues `` without causing political and social trauma . 
`` The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke , '' Mr. Nadir said . 
The British satirical magazine Private Eye won an appeal against the size of a $ 960,000 libel award to Sonia Sutcliffe , the estranged wife of the `` Yorkshire Ripper '' mass murderer . 
Our international efforts were far greater than ever before . 
She added , however : `` It is not robust by any means . '' 
Yet a bill tailored to the interests of a single individual passed Congress with almost unimaginable speed , before the judicial process had run its course , and , indeed , while the Morgan case was awaiting a ruling by the appellate court . 
The Bartlesville , Okla. , oil company late yesterday still had n't said officially what caused the explosions and fires , which sent columns of heavy black smoke billowing high into the air . 
A series of newspaper articles accused the trust of short-changing the government over the Picop sale . 
In the wake of Friday 's plunge and yesterday 's rebound , some companies are already postponing deals , and others wish they could . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery dropped $ 3.10 to $ 374.70 an ounce in moderate trading . 
And many have done just that . 
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air . 
In that way , the pilots may be able to force the board to approve a recapitalization that gives employees a majority stake , or to consider the labor-management group 's latest proposal . 
HHS OFFICIALS expect Secretary Sullivan to continue a ban on research using fetal tissue . 
HEALTH CLUBS gear up for a graying clientele . 
Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman . 
According to executives close to the situation , Merksamer filed for Chapter 11 to speed the sale of the chain . 
`` What kind of right to exist , '' he asked , `` would a capitalist German Democratic Republic have alongside a capitalist Federal Republic ? '' 
`` Someone always makes you quit , '' says legendary St. Louis Cardinals centerfielder Curt Flood , the league 's commissioner . 
`` It puts this president in the legislative business , '' he declares . 
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 . 
Eventually , Mr. Rey was forced to sell his Bally shares to the weapons maker Oerlikon-Buehrle Holding AG as establishment pressure grew on this hostile move into the Swiss old boys ' network . 
Mr. Krenz has followed much the same career path as Mr. Honecker : Both spent years overseeing the Freie Deutsche Jugend , the youth group that is the communist regime 's principal tool for stamping young Germans into socialist citizens . 
In fact , the donors sometimes might be better off giving the money to the panhandler : at least he has no overhead , and he might even be telling the truth . 
At the moment , he intends to keep the firm 's 180,000 Jaguar shares . 
Officials hinted , however , that SAS would take a stake of at least 6 % in Finnair , valued at about $ 40 million at current market prices . 
Downgraded by Moody 's were Houston Lighting 's first-mortgage bonds and secured pollution-control bonds to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; unsecured pollution-control bonds to Baa-1 from single-A-3 ; preferred stock to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; a shelf registration for preferred stock to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 ; two shelf registrations for collateralized debt securities to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 , and the unit 's rating for commercial paper to Prime-2 from Prime-1 . 
In this way , the house is not dumped on to a glutted market . 
The Camden County congressman still carries himself with a trademark `` I'm-coming-down-your-throat '' intensity , but at a pause in Newark 's Columbus Day parade recently , he was dancing with his wife in the middle of the avenue in the city 's old Italian-American ward . 
`` That seems to be what all my friends are using to take the grandkids to the lake , '' she says . 
He left a message accusing Mr. Darman of selling out . 
`` There 's a wide feeling of indignation across the country , '' says Bhabani Sen Gupta of the Center for Policy Research , in New Delhi . 
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing Feb. 1 , 1990 , and May 3 , 1990 , respectively . 
Conventional wisdom has long held that anywhere from one-fourth to one-half of all elderly long-term care patients are obliged to spend themselves into poverty before qualifying for Medicaid assistance . 
There are times when she must show a little emotion . 
This is n't going to help , '' said Kenneth T. Rosen , chairman of the Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the University of California at Berkeley . 
California 's so-called Gann limit effectively prevents the state from spending new tax money and so drastically limits its options in an emergency . 
Why is he cashing in now ? 
The commission 's filing in that case challenges Connecticut 's mandatory retirement age of 70 for appointed judges . 
Onlookers say three persons died when one of the buildings exploded into a fireball shortly after the quake struck . 
As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps ( he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge ) not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens surveys the view and thereby provides a self-portrait , a credo and the author 's metaphor for the aesthetic of the novel we 're reading : 
The other , called the Solo , is battery operated and is the first high-performance radar detector that does n't need a power cord , the company said . 
If further experiments are successful , the work would represent a major advance in research on acquired immune deficiency syndrome . 
A NEW MINIMUM-WAGE PLAN has been worked out by Congress and Bush , opening the way for the first increase in over nine years . 
In fact , Commodore 's fiscal fourth-quarter loss was $ 2 million narrower than Commodore had expected a few weeks after the quarter closed . 
It 's not that we do n't know how to , because we do . 
Chase is vacating 1.1 million square feet of space , and Salomon Brothers Inc. , whose headquarters is in the building , also plans to move shortly . 
The weaknesses of Continental exchanges are driving some fund managers to switch business to stocks traded on London 's stock exchange , which quotes firm trading prices for about 350 blue-chip issues from 12 major countries . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 68 days ; 8.30 % 69 to 89 days ; 8.125 % 90 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland . 
`` We do n't have passive readers . '' 
According to the ministry , retail sales at major department stores were up 12 % to 745.7 billion yen , while sales at supermarkets rose 6.7 % to 642 billion yen . 
Revenue in the third quarter was $ 437.7 million , almost unchanged from $ 436.3 million a year earlier . 
In 1972 , then Treasury Secretary George Shultz , with the key support of Sen. Carl Curtis , sought some form of pensions for the uncovered . 
Holiday said operating income related to gaming increased 4.5 % to a record $ 61.4 million from $ 58.8 million a year earlier . 
But other analysts said that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition . 
But two big New York banks seem to have kicked those chances away , for the moment , with the embarrassing failure of Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. to deliver $ 7.2 billion in bank financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp . 
As part of the drive , the first 50,000 viewers who put up # 10 each will get a package valued at # 170 -- including a satellite receiving dish , equipment installation and a three-month subscription to its pay-movie service . 
The Canadian Pulp and Paper Association , an industry group , said Canadian mills produced 532,000 metric tons of market pulp in September , compared with 527,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
The effective date of the registration is to be determined by the SEC . 
Paul Tanner was named president , chief executive officer and chairman of this oil and natural gas company . 
`` The idea is to keep the clothes on and to keep people seated . 
Indeed , Mr. Corry , at an August press conference , talked about investing in steel as long as it provides a good return and `` not a day longer . '' 
Eventually , he believes , investors will be willing to pay higher prices for companies with proven track records of earnings growth . 
Indeed , many senior officials had been insisting for weeks that Mr. Bush was n't interested in such an informal get-together . 
Companies would be compelled to publish in annual proxy statements the names of insiders who fail to file reports on time . 
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans . 
Say you purchased a stock because of a new product that was in the works . 
In 1906 , the rupture was 300 miles long and a couple feet wide . 
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst . 
Potential buyers , mostly foreign companies , are reluctant to take a non-controlling stake in a company that , by the government 's own reckoning , needs some $ 100 million in new capital for rehabilitation . 
But there was one bright spot yesterday . 
In fact , a very high-ranking Soviet official told an American official at a diplomatic dinner that no change in the policy was contemplated . 
When Keizaikai launched Business Tokyo in 1987 , it appealed to a more multinational audience . 
The newspaper also ran a series of controversial short stories by Nguyen Huy Thiep , a former history teacher , who stirred debate over his interpretation of Vietnamese culture and took a thinly veiled swipe at writers who had blocked his entry into their official association . 
He is 37 , an astronomer with impressive credentials , and something of a genius at making computers do his bidding . 
Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year . 
Heller Financial Inc. , an indirect subsidiary of Fuji Bank Ltd. , shelf offering of up to $ 1 billion debt securities and warrants . 
They are approaching everyone on the street and asking if they want to be in a docudrama . '' 
`` We 've got to get out of the Detroit mentality and be part of the world mentality , '' declares Charles M. Jordan , GM 's vice president for design , in explaining his pilgrimage to the Tokyo Show . 
The collateral consists of collateralized whole loans with a weighted average coupon rate of 11.08 % and weighted average remaining term to maturity of 28 years . 
Mr. Kristol , an American Enterprise Institute fellow , co-edits The Public Interest and publishes The National Interest . 
Fees 2 . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Terra said he sold 263,684 First Illinois common shares from Aug. 9 to Aug. 28 for $ 9.9375 to $ 10.5625 a share . 
The increased labor costs became effective Aug. 1 under terms of the four-year labor agreement with the United Steelworkers union . 
Digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems that older minicomputers use . 
Machine tool shipments last month were $ 281.2 million , a 24 % rise from a year earlier and a 25 % increase from August . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Stovall emphasizes that `` you do n't buy { gold stocks } based on powerful fundamentals . '' 
Sidhpur and adjacent districts are the only places in the world where psyllium is grown in large quantities . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index lost 3.11 to 379.46 . 
Some in Big Oil are easing the grip on their wallets . 
Real estate professionals now often bill themselves as `` turnaround experts '' and `` workout specialists . '' 
Its 6,500 workers , who had battled Tiger 's management for years over givebacks , were union members until the day of the merger , when most of their unions were automatically decertified . 
Dr. Blumenfeld says he 's satisfied that his problem has been resolved . 
A subsidiary company processes commodities into foods such as instant noodles that are sold with the rice through a vast retail network . 
`` It would now be physically impossible to begin deliveries in 1992 , '' a Hydro-Quebec official said . 
In contrast , a student loan program that was meant solely to correct capital-market imperfections would allow loans for any student , regardless of family income , at market or near-market rates . 
The Justice Department has revised certain internal guidelines and clarified others in a move that could restrict the use of criminal racketeering charges against white-collar defendants . 
The stock traded as high as $ 10 this past summer . 
Winnebago Industries slid 5\/8 to 5 1\/4 . 
Judge Hancock did n't return phone calls . 
A Scottish dwarf built the small red house 110 years ago and now his demonic ghost haunts it , Mr. Warren says . 
Japanese Firms Push Posh Car Showrooms 
Unable to get a new law through a congress with a strong leftist bloc , Mexico jury-rigged the existing law 's regulations . 
The Task Broker `` turns that network into -- as far as the user is concerned -- one giant computer , '' said Bill Kay , general manager of Hewlett-Packard 's workstation group . 
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
Scott Black , a value-oriented money manager who heads Delphi Management Inc. , points out that for those who invest on fundamentals , `` the value of a stock from day to day does n't change all that much . '' 
SKF said demand for the group 's main product , rolling bearings , remained favorable in Europe , which accounts for slightly more than two-thirds of group sales . 
Paramount and MCA , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by Paramount and MCA for Wednesdays and perhaps a block of original shows Fridays . 
It wo n't happen again . 
The bonds , insured and rated triple-a by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7.25 % in 2016 . 
The accusations of lying and duplicity are flying thick and fast on both sides : As one Sony executive puts it , `` It 's World War III . '' 
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs . 
( Mr. Moon 's Paragon House eventually even published three of my co-edited books on religion and politics . ) 
`` It is a cheap-shot suit -- procedurally defective and thoroughly fallacious -- which was hurriedly filed by a contingency-fee lawyer as a result of newspaper reports , '' said a GE spokeswoman . 
`` The rest will probably not be recoverable either because the statute of limitations expired or because many prefer to spend additional time in jail rather than return the money , '' the prosecutor said . 
However , the bank holding company 's loan-loss reserves rose to $ 177.3 million from $ 154 million a year earlier . 
In a statement issued after the meeting , the aerospace giant said it wo n't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed pay-and-benefit mix are possible . 
Mr. Ehrlich predicted unprecedented famine by 1980 . 
But Mr. Alexander scuttled the deal at the last minute , angering the plaintiff 's side . 
Not only was August 's deficit far worse than July 's , but the government revised the July figure substantially from the $ 7.58 billion deficit it had initially reported last month . 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
John Nuveen & Co. , initial offerings of the Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. and the Nuveen New York Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc . 
The 473 funds tracked by the Investment Company Institute , a Washington-based trade group , rose to $ 356.1 billion , a record . 
`` But Sassy has a different spirit . 
Copper has been stuck in a trading range of $ 1.19 to $ 1.34 . 
Officials say it is clear that alternate routes ca n't handle the overflow . 
Ms. McGlade of PaineWebber raised a more fundamental question about the deal . 
Analysts say they think durable goods orders fell about 1 % , compared with a 3.9 % gain in August , and that growth in the third quarter slowed to about 2.3 % from the second quarter 's 2.5 % . 
The American people and their government also woke up too late to the menace drugs posed to the moral structure of their country . 
Only 2 % of the people in September cited Sears 's `` friendly personnel . '' 
Beverly Hills Comes To Suburban Tokyo 
Equipped with cellular telephones , laptop computers , calculators and a pack of blank checks , they parcel out money so their clients can find temporary living quarters , buy food , replace lost clothing , repair broken water heaters , and replaster walls . 
Westamerica said Mr. Decker 's posts were assumed by David Payne , Westamerica 's chairman , who at 34 years of age becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the country . 
However , less optimistic attorneys warned that because of the tangle of numerous defendants and plaintiffs with overlapping claims , there is always the possibility that the talks will again fall apart . 
And some fund groups said investors actually became net buyers . 
Price controls were `` so fervently embraced by Charleston '' because price gouging in this situation is equivalent to looting . 
U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month , despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units . 
It allowed Mr. Kasparov to exchange his dark-squared bishop for one of D.T. 's knights . 
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions . 
Pilferage climbed dramatically as many angry employees `` felt abandoned by the former owners , '' says the University of Florida sociologist . 
Without that problem , IBM might have matched last year 's earnings of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share . 
Bus schedules were sometimes in disarray , stranding commuters such as Marilyn Sullivan . 
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high-tech items in New York and West Germany . 
New Hyundai Campaign 
His `` Mr. Clean '' image was muddied by an arms-kickback scandal , which will be a major campaign issue . 
`` This seed 's not grown anywhere else in India , or anywhere else in the world , '' says T.V. Krishnamurthy , a vice president of Procter & Gamble India Ltd. , a major psyllium buyer and promoter . 
But foreign-exchange dealers said the dollar staged a quick comeback , prompted by a round of short covering and some fresh buying interest later in the trading day . 
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % . 
Your Sept. 25 criticism of credit-card foreign-exchange charges is unwarranted . 
George Goodwin , an account manager at Royal Bank of Canada , adapted a Lotus Development Corp. program called Agenda to sort through international news wires . 
Two of the directors resigned , Mr. Skase said , so the payments have n't yet been approved . 
Small-business groups also will fight the medical-leave provision of legislation that would expand parental leaves . 
`` Russian ships are arriving in the gulf and there is n't enough grain in the pipeline , '' said Katharina Zimmer , a futures analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. in New York . 
They also said the dollar is leveling off after a rise this summer that helped to reduce the prices of imported goods . 
The computer maker said net jumped to $ 87 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 58 million , or $ 1.40 a share , a year earlier . 
That year a four-man group headed by William Lieber in the Legislation and Regulations division of the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service , was assigned the task of designing a plan . 
The laws take effect next month . 
The offering , Series 1989-85 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
Dr. Yonehara and his partner , Nobuyuki Kobayashi of Yamaguchi University , said their experiments showed that the antibody wiped out an average of 60 % of AIDS-infected cells within three days . 
Xerox Corp. -- $ 150 million of 8 3\/4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 1995 , priced at 99.555 to yield 8.85 % . 
Mr. Giuliani is finding that Mr. Dinkins , in his many years in public life , has built up considerable good will that so far has led many voters to overlook certain failings . 
Conner Peripherals was unchanged at 15 . 
The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Santa Fe Pacific closed at $ 20.625 , down 25 cents . 
It 's an unrealistic expectation . 
$ 248.3 million of securities backed by home-equity loans through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . 
British Airways said its shareholders accepted only 6.3 % of the convertible capital bonds , but that the rest of the issue will be taken up by underwriters . 
But the firm also tracks smaller technology companies as a subset of the larger group . 
A sudden , forced cutback by consumers , who normally account for about two-thirds of economic activity , would damp the economy at a time when plant-and-equipment spending is slowing and deficit-racked governments ca n't readily take up the slack . 
Currently , Avon , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , has 3.3 million common shares outstanding . 
Mr. Evans will stay until a successor is found , but not later than the end of the year , the company said . 
The technology group includes many of the OTC market 's biggest stocks , which dominate the market-weighted Nasdaq Composite Index . 
`` The more variables that indicate risk , the more the investor is going to drive a hard bargain . '' 
c - Domestic car 
Many farmers used the jump in prices to sell their recently harvested crop to grain elevator companies . 
The availability of timely assistance -- of a backstop -- can help markets retain their resilience . 
The demonstrators have been non-violent , but the result of their trespasses has been to seriously impair the rights of others unconnected with their dispute . 
`` They may feel emotionally secure now because they are not heavily in the stock market , '' says John H. Cammack , a financial planner with Alexandra Armstrong Advisors Inc. in Washington . 
In the U.S. , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents in over-the-counter trading , to $ 11.25 . 
Last year , 25 % of the 10 million bicycles sold in the U.S. were mountain bikes . 
`` We 've known for years and years we 've got lots of old { pre-1950s } unreinforced brick and masonry buildings . '' 
One rare example of a time-limited poison pill is the shareholder rights plan adopted by Pennzoil last year after it received a huge litigation settlement from Texaco . 
( Storer also took $ 125 million of junior SCI TV bonds as partial payment for the TV assets . ) 
But he does say that all of his activities have been `` entirely proper . '' 
Total value of the contract could be $ 100 million , Helionetics said , and work on the project would be about evenly divided . 
Rights on such a basis , whether for blacks or homosexuals , are `` mere indulgences , '' he said , subject to being taken back . 
The humans also write abstracts of articles from some 200 computer industry publications . 
Heiwa Real Estate gained 40 to 2210 . 
But other sectors failed to attract investor interest and remained sluggish , making overall trading appear mixed . 
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do . 
The debentures will be available in book-entry form only in a minimum amount of $ 5,000 and additional increments of $ 5,000 . 
It would be attractive to an agency such as Interpublic , one of the few big agency groups without an affiliated public relations firm of its own . 
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services . 
In a speech prepared for delivery in New York yesterday , retired Justice Lewis Powell contested the notion that the last Supreme Court term marked a turn toward conservatism : `` Commentators who agreed on little else unanimously proclaimed a ` shift in direction ' on the court ... . 
When Nucor Corp. begins shipping steel from the world 's first thin-slab plant this month , it will begin testing the competitive mettle of its giant competitors . 
Solidarity wants it from the West . 
`` My fastball is good . 
Citicorp and Chase are attempting to put together a new , lower bid . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
It reduces the baseline by $ 169 billion . 
But yesterday , as Atlantis rumbled into a patch of clear sky above Florida with storm clouds closing in on it , NASA sought to turn Galileo into a symbol of triumph . 
The company said the general financial performance of its U.S. brewing operations , G. Heileman Brewing Co. , was `` disappointing , and this has been reflected in the results . '' 
The article is , unfortunately , replete with outrageous distortions . 
Mr. McDonough thinks of the center as the `` Eiffel Tower of Warsaw '' and `` a symbol of the resurgence of Poland . '' 
MINORITY RECRUITING has yet to meet hopes raised by Bush administration . 
A manager should not have to rebut the opinions of his employees about the style of his management . 
The pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion . 
There , on one of his first shopping trips , Mr. Paul picked up several paintings at stunning prices . 
Valley National had been paying a quarterly dividend of 36 cents a share . 
The company acquired the debt when it paid $ 155 million to purchase Wilson last year . 
In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it `` had been re-evaluating its position as a significant shareholder and a substantial creditor of Qintex Entertainment '' and had `` resolved to minimize the degree of further loans to Qintex Entertainment in excess of that previously made . '' 
Tokuyama Soda Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of Eurobonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd . 
Excise-tax returns due by Oct. 31 or Nov. 30 may be delayed to Jan. 16 . 
This year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 13 million , or five cents a share , from the sale of Schlumberger 's defense systems business , and $ 22 million , or nine cents a share , from an award by the IranU.S . Claims Tribunal . 
The study , which received funding from Upjohn Co. , which makes several drugs to treat stress-related illnesses , also found 47 % of the managers said stress , anxiety and depression contribute to decreased production . 
But the government did n't step in until six months ago , when thrift officials put Lincoln into conservatorship -- the day after American Continental filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors . 
It is almost a carbon copy of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's Eurodollar contract , which is based on the three-month Eurodollar rate , the rate paid on U.S.-dollar deposits in London banks . 
They point out that September 's producer-price index showed a 0.9 % increase . 
Guns were never used : Each man was stabbed to death with a large knife . 
The judge held that the combination of colors used for the Sony products is distinctive and subject to protection under New York state law , rather than federal law . 
His client , Mr. Davis , used just such a letter from Citicorp in pursuing UAL ; Citicorp later agreed to work with a competing UAL buy-out group . 
Qintex Entertainment , a producer and distributor of television programs most noted for its co-production of the hit miniseries `` Lonesome Dove , '' said it filed for Chapter 11 protection after Qintex Australia failed to provide it with $ 5.9 million owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of `` The New Leave It to Beaver Show . '' 
But these proposals do not rest on a view of what the Fed 's problem is or , if they do , they rest on an incorrect view . 
They said they expect the bearish mood to persist a while longer , as trading volume is falling toward the end of the year and the market is becoming more volatile . 
Foreign Bonds 
Newport Electronics Inc. of Santa Ana , Calif. , said Milton B. Hollander , who holds a 49.4 % stake , requested a special shareholders ' meeting next Wednesday to remove four current directors and elect an alternative slate . 
Business is n't any better on the provincial or municipal level , foreign traders say . 
It 's little less than a cry for help from those who make the costly show possible . 
San Francisco-based Pacific Telesis said net declined 12.6 % , primarily because of regulatory action . 
Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders `` choice and value , '' said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd . 
Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : the information and electronics segment , the Dynapert electrical assembly business and Mallory Capacitors . 
But the report says : `` The only safe sex is sex between uninfected partners , '' and testing is the only way to learn of infection . 
Yet , the unassuming Mr. Corry helped chart USX 's transition from Big Steel to Big Oil . 
The issue is being sold through Freddie Mac 's 17-member securities selling group . 
After the transaction , Mr. Rey estimates the value of his 20 % stake in the new company , to be held by his Omni Holding AG , will be about 1 billion Swiss francs . 
The Dow Jones industrials gained 4.92 , to 2643.65 . 
Oppenheimer & Co. was the lead underwriter . 
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro said its potential losses from lending to Iraq could reach 1.175 trillion lire ( $ 872 million ) , marking the bank 's first quantification of potential costs of unauthorized lending by its Atlanta branch . 
The inflation adjustment also means that the maximum annual level of earnings subject to the wage tax that generates revenue for the Social Security trust fund will rise to $ 50,400 in 1990 from $ 48,000 this year . 
Then , he asked Mr. Pilson to raise his offer anyway : `` If we can have a number that starts with a three , you can have a dea . '' 
You get a rain at the wrong time and the crop is ruined . '' 
The U.S. and Israel have been holding what an aide to Prime Minister Shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over Mideast peace moves . 
If HDTV takes off in the U.S. , there will be demand for some 4,000 to 5,000 HDTV converters , known in the industry as telecines . 
The Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker scrambled to set up a special phone line to tell manufacturing and support staff to stay home Wednesday . 
But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy . 
The morning session was dominated by individuals and dealers , but some institutions participated in the afternoon , encouraged by the market 's firmness , traders said . 
Its survey of 96 firms , each with 100 to 1,000 lawyers , shows that managing partners earned an average of $ 395,974 in compensation and cash benefits in the firms ' 1988 fiscal years . 
Ford and Saab ended talks about a possible alliance after Ford concluded that the cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return . 
A company spokesman said yesterday that Coca-Cola Enterprises sticks by its 1989 forecast . 
The more recent losses were really devastating . '' 
Revenue rose 8.1 % , to $ 23.65 billion from $ 21.88 billion . 
In West Germany and the Netherlands , insurers are flirting with banks . 
`` The boom 's so huge , '' says Mitsuru Saito , an economist at Sanwa Research Institute , `` it makes you think of the Golden '60s , '' when Japan developed rapidly . 
This reflects the restoration of wage cuts in the steel and other industries as well as higher wages granted nurses who work in health-care facilities . 
The string of big junk bond defaults , which have been a major cause of the market 's problems this year , probably will persist , some analysts say . 
TANDEM COMPUTERS INC. , Cupertino , computer maker , annual sales of $ 1.6 billion , NYSE , said it had no significant damage and should be fully operational within a week . 
Mr. Skase 's statement was addressed to the stock exchange and appeared to be a response to the inquiry . 
Mr. Warren pronounces the Litchfield case `` your typical demonic infestation . '' 
The Redmond , Wash. company , a bellwether provider of operating systems and software for personal-computer makers and users , reported net income for the quarter ended Sept. 30 of $ 49.6 million , or 87 cents a share , up from $ 36.6 million , or 65 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
Renewed efforts to fight drugs and crime will be costly . 
Both Colgate and Procter & Gamble have received big orders for toothpaste , soap and detergents . 
Mr. Goldberg says the cost of the earthquake will definitely top $ 1 billion and could reach $ 4 billion . 
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars . 
In another sign of glasnost , Alexander Solzhenitsyn 's long-banned chronicle of Soviet repression , `` The Gulag Archipelago , '' is now recommended reading in one 11th-grade Moscow history class ... . 
Genetics Institute disclosed recently that it is embroiled in a dispute with Boehringer Mannheim , which distributes the drug , regarding the usability of some batches . 
The deposits came from savings kept in a Tupperware breadbox ; he saved $ 47,000 in 1974-81 by living with family members and pinching pennies and $ 45,000 of secret gifts from his remorseful father , who had abandoned the family in 1955 . 
In the six months since the current fiscal year began April 1 , the surplus totaled # 500 million , compared with a surplus of # 3.6 billion in the year-earlier period . 
Mr. Hauptman reckons that the best investment choice is mutual funds because they are managed and over time have nearly kept up with the broad stock averages . 
12:07 a.m . 
He reckons the current account deficit will narrow to only # 1.8 billion in September . 
However , Judge Hastings has said he will continue to fight and is contemplating an appeal of any impeachment to the U.S. Supreme Court . 
Digital , however , does n't expect to displace IBM mainframes that are already installed at big companies . 
Gerald Ford , a fairly down-to-earth fellow , once sent a letter to the chairman of the Armed Services Committee recommending that `` there be a committee investigation of the UFO phenomenon . 
Lawmakers in Hungary approved legislation granting amnesty to many people convicted of crimes punishable by less than three years in prison . 
That was the question structural engineers and California transportation officials were asking themselves yesterday as rescue workers began the gruesome task of trying to extract as many as 250 victims from beneath the concrete slabs of the double-deck Nimitz Freeway in Oakland that caved in during Tuesday 's temblor . 
But Mr. Corr , a stunt pilot in his spare time , was understood to be frustrated by what he regarded as limited freedom under Mr. Lorenzo . 
Willie Brown , speaker of California 's Assembly , said that Gov. George Deukmejian has agreed to schedule a special session of the legislature within two weeks . 
Because of the way the government keeps its books , the damage to the Bay Bridge , however costly , wo n't be counted as a minus . 
The company will make `` adequate provisions '' to cover costs of the dispute with MGM\/UA and any loss from the investment in Qintex Entertainment , he said . 
He speaks for the death penalty as if reading from Exodus 21 ; to increase state revenue he focuses not on `` taxes '' but on `` audits '' to cut waste . 
While Utah is not yet a haven for environmentalism , public views toward the environment have significantly improved . 
Financial Corp. also is proposing to exchange each of its 130,000 outstanding shares of cumulative convertible preferred series A stock for two shares of common . 
At as little as one-third of the government 's cost , the company is running a program to train Army helicopter pilots . 
Independent directors would be able to block transactions they unanimously deem would be likely to depress the private market value of LIN at the time it is to be sold in five years . 
Microsoft and other software stocks surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks to its biggest advance of the year on breathtaking volume . 
Revenue for the latest period was up 11 % to $ 682.7 million , from $ 614.6 million . 
`` After more than 200 years , something new has happened to pencils , '' said Arthur D. Little in a 1974 report that publicly described the previously secret item . 
Stock prices closed slightly higher in the first routine trading day since Friday 's big plunge . 
We 're happy , we guess , to receive confirmation of the Krasnoyarsk violation from the Soviets , five years after we started writing about it . 
Out of the $ 2 charge , the law firm pockets about $ 1.55 . 
Werner K. Rey believes fortunes are made by being friendly . 
Mr. Goldberg contends that even as `` propaganda '' the film fails because it presents only one view . 
For the nine months , the Arlington , Va. , company 's net plunged 73 % to $ 38.5 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 142.2 million , or $ 3.28 a share . 
While there are no easy low-cost solutions , simply ignoring our problems will result in their severity increasing and spreading throughout the state , the nation and the world . 
On top of all this , corn and soybean prices rose on reports that the Midwest harvest was disrupted by a freakishly early snow storm that dumped several inches in parts of Indiana and Ohio . 
There is no rational justification for such behavior . 
Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137.6 million of sports facilities lease revenue bonds , Series 1989 D , due 1992-1999 , 2004 , 2009 and 2019 , tentatively priced at par by a Morgan Stanley group to yield from 6.35 % in 1992 to 7.60 % in 2019 . 
However , one person familiar with UAL said the signs pointed to Coniston because Mr. Trump has n't asked for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of stock under federal antitrust rules . 
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . ' 
In the wake of the failed Panama coup , a bumper sticker appears : `` Ollie Would Have Got Him . '' ... 
But it could also accelerate `` marketization '' by reinforcing industrial accountability , breaking up state monopolies , giving managers a stake in solutions , and ensuring that modernization is not reversible for failure to address environmental effects . 
`` But in the end , top management decided to follow the voice of the younger generation . '' 
The refunding issue , which had been in the wings for two months , was one of the chief offerings overhanging the market and limiting price appreciation . 
Like lawyers in the hostile takeover field , the baby goes where the money is . 
They want psyllium prices low for their purchases next year . 
As a result , some securities analysts had predicted in recent days that IBM would authorize additional purchases . 
The large increase in Customs Service air-interdiction funds is also intended to counter smuggling , and the annual appropriations level has more than quadrupled in five years . 
Though he nominally supports both programs , Mr. Bush has n't been a passionate champion of either cause , as Mr. Reagan was . 
And when you 're making a movie this big , you need all the help you can get , '' Mr. De Palma adds . 
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market . 
The fund 's lawyers work in an Athenian grove of potted trees . 
A 75-day trial in the early 1980s determined that Kodak , based in Rochester , N.Y. , infringed on patents of Polaroid , of Cambridge , Mass . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered by Prudential-Bache Capital Funding Inc . 
It will include Messrs. Schwarz and Maurer . 
If the playoffs end in four-game sweeps , losses could soar . 
The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba and in the Atlantic coast provinces were interprovincial undertakings and subject to federal legislative authority . 
Index arbitrage , Mr. Carpenter said last week , does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole '' and Kidder 's customers were `` sophisticated '' enough to know that . 
GM launched the Geo marque this year to sell cars made in partnership with foreign auto makers , and next year GM 's long-awaited Saturn cars will make their debut . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Pittston closed at $ 18.50 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
That can reduce returns by a third or more , once local taxes are included , Mr. Lipper says . 
`` I 'm probably not going to vote for any capital-gains proposal . 
National Intergroup stock closed at $ 15 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Some U.S. entrepreneurs operate on a smaller scale . 
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk . 
Ford said in July it planned to operate Associates , based in Dallas , as a separate entity in its Ford Financial Services Group . 
Eiji Nakazato , a Takashimaya general manager , admits that his company 's image is similar to Saks 's and that there is some interest in the idea . 
`` The Arizona real estate market continues to be depressed , and there is still uncertainty as to when values will recover , '' James P. Simmons , chairman , said . 
`` As that wanes , you 're going to see the stocks probably wane as well , '' he says . 
`` That 's different than wrecking them . '' 
While Allianz officials were n't willing to comment in any detail on their plans , they said Allianz currently holds between 5 % and 10 % of Navigation Mixte , an apparent increase from the 5 % stake that Navigation Mixte officials had earlier announced . 
There are gratuitous references to supposed romantic liaisons between Husker players and a low-level female university employee . 
As larger companies increasingly self-insure , or use reserves to pay their own workers ' medical bills , the insurance industry has turned to the small-employer market that was once a backwater for them . 
Trading was light on the Pacific Stock Exchange yesterday , with workers at the exchange 's main floor in San Francisco struggling to execute orders by flashlight as a result of a continuing power outage . 
Having a proposal sponsored by Democrats would have given the president an advantage . 
President Jose Sarney , who took office in 1985 when the man picked by an electoral college became critically ill , appears to be simply trying to avoid hyperinflation . 
Indeed , Mr. Phelan said that if stock-market volatility persists , the U.S. may lose its edge as being the best place to raise capital . 
The House 's bill would prohibit dual trading in markets with daily average volume of 7,000 contracts or more , comprising those considered too difficult to track without a sophisticated computer system . 
I ca n't even say I made my own mistakes . 
There are $ 15,845,000 of 7 3\/8 % bonds priced at par and due 2004 ; $ 22,985,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2009 ; and $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds priced at par and due 2019 . 
Administration officials insist that the size of the staff was n't a problem during the Panama crisis . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Already entered in the Big Board 's computers and transmitted to their post were sell orders for 65,000 UAL shares . 
ABC , a unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , and General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. also risk losses if they outbid CBS for other contracts . 
And I will never again complain about a rainout . 
Previously , regulators insisted that franchisers pre-register such changes with the state -- a costly process taking at least six weeks . 
V.H. Van Horn , National Convenience president and chief executive officer , said the move reflects the company 's realization that the industry 's poor performance stems from its failure to give customers what they want -- rather than from increasing competition from gasoline stations and 24-hour grocery stores . 
Competition among underwriters and brokers makes them loath to centralize price and policy information . 
The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and door-to-door salespeople . 
Adding to that speculation is Mr. Krenz 's reputation as a heavy drinker , who is said to also suffer from diabetes . 
The board would n't comment on its impending search for a new ad agency to handle its estimated $ 5 million to $ 6 million account . 
Currently , its parent company , Hooker Corp. of Sydney , Australia , is being managed by a court-appointed liquidator . 
Some of the bill 's supporters had taken heart from the fact that the letter was n't signed by Mr. Skinner and that it did n't contain a veto threat . 
ABB said a significant portion of the order will be placed with Dutch subcontractors , adding that a group has been set up for this purpose . 
Or maybe a Surgeon General 's warning : Confiding in the United States may be fatal . 
As investors speculated about the long - and short-term implications , shares of a number of companies that might either profit or face problems because of the disaster were actively traded . 
But the 57-year-old publisher has moved quickly and boldly to deal with the magazines ' problems . 
`` Having to take on less debt would certainly be an advantage , '' said Mr. Leblang . 
In fact , Kazuo Ishiguro 's `` The Remains of the Day '' ( Knopf , 245 pages , $ 18.95 ) is both an homage to traditional English forms and a dramatic critique of them . 
The Eurodollar bond market sprang to life late in the European trading session after the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled . 
But early on Oct. 19 , the second of two hectic days of board meetings , Mr. Evans said he believed Qintex Australia would n't be forthcoming . 
Until the baby-faced heroes of today reclaim these ballparks for spring training , there is one more . 
It leads investors to focus on short-term price movements -- `` a game of musical chairs , '' he called it -- rather than on long-term fundamental valuation . 
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it . 
Digital said a shift in its product mix toward low-end products and strong growth in workstation sales yielded lower gross margins . 
But John LaWare , a Fed governor , told the subcommittee the evidence is mixed and that the Fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't discriminating . 
The fund has about $ 1 billion and is set up to handle `` precisely the kind of emergency '' the state faces , said Tom Beermann , the Governor 's deputy press secretary . 
Colgate Palmolive Co. reported third-quarter net income rose 27 % , bolstered by strong sales in its Latin American business and surprisingly healthy profits from U.S. operations . 
I know that I 'm shouting into the breeze here as far as what we 're doing now . 
And that , naturally , exacerbates price movements . 
This is n't the quiet economic science practiced in the universities . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3398.65 , up 
Reinforcing such old building stock , Mr. Johnson said , `` comes down to money . 
MCA on Friday said that as a result of Qintex 's failure to make the required payment it was terminating the distribution agreement on `` The New Leave It to Beaver '' as well as other MCA properties . 
Both are in great need of foreign exchange , and South Africa is also under pressure to meet foreign loan commitments , he said . 
GM has been negotiating a friendly transaction with Jaguar that likely would involve joint ventures and an eventual stake of just under 30 % . 
The law , which Bush allowed to take effect without his signature , went into force Friday . 
William S. Leavitt , chairman , said Mr. Penn , 58 years old , would continue as a consultant and would work with the board in selecting a successor . 
South Korean consumer prices rose 5 % in the first 10 months of this year , matching the government 's target for the entire year , according to the Bank of Korea and the Economic Planning Board . 
Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state 's reason for existence , and with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall . 
For the first time , the U.S. considered cutting Mr. Noriega from its intelligence payroll -- and the deliberations were intense , Mr. Turner says . 
Prices peaked at $ 1,150,000 in September 1987 . 
They are enjoying domestic sales that are more than making up for lost overseas sales . 
Mr. Lehman , a Reagan Navy secretary , is a managing director of PaineWebber . 
The company plans to expand plant capacity 50 % by 1991 . 
The greatest contribution Congress could make at this time would be to declare that stabilizing the price level is the primary responsibility of the Federal Reserve System . 
So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars ( US$ 457 million ) in provisions for interest payments from loans previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank , and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital . 
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact . 
As conferees noted , scarce capital means the costs of control must be minimized through a broad menu of compliance choices for individual firms . 
The new goal of the Voting Rights Act -- more minorities in political office -- is laudable . 
AC&R ADVERTISING : 
Corporate Issues 
`` If I can show signs of maturity , almost anybody can , '' he jokes . 
Dealers say the budding trade in Mr. Jackson 's canceled checks is unusual . 
Back then , scientists had no way of ferreting out specific genes , but under a microscope they could see the 23 pairs of chromosomes in the cells that contain the genes . 
PROSECUTOR TO JOIN Gibson Dunn : 
`` It was scary to people thinking that they could n't get their trades off . '' 
Cincinnati Bell Inc . 
The harder question is whether anyone yet understands that Mr. Bush 's fight for his constitutional prerogatives is about politics as much as it is about law . 
The deepening bloodbath for takeover-stock traders , who by then had seen UAL stock tumble 49 % since Oct. 12 , also triggered a marketwide sell-off that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average down more than 80 points at 10:40 a.m . 
The company develops and markets products for the food service industry . 
Today , the Treasury Department will sell $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills at the regular weekly auction . 
Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.2 million units consisting of two shares of common stock and one common warrant , via PaineWebber Inc . 
According to William Orbe , an attorney at Grais & Richards , the escrow agents for the fund , as of Sept. 30 the fund amounted to $ 60.5 million . 
That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop . 
This does n't necessarily mean larger firms have an advantage ; Mr. Pearce said GM works with a number of smaller firms it regards highly . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
One advantage the buy-out group intends to press with the board is that pilots have agreed to make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions to help finance a bid . 
It sank further to as low as $ 145 , but a big rally developed in the last half hour , pushing the stock back up to close at $ 170 , down just $ 8.375 from Monday . 
The new rate will be payable Feb. 15 . 
If an author quotes `` more than minimal amounts '' of unpublished copyrighted materials , as the Salinger decision had it , `` he deserves to be enjoined . '' 
That compares with per-share earnings from continuing operations of 69 cents the year earlier ; including discontinued operations , per-share was 88 cents a year ago . 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is slated to receive $ 30 million by charging for fingerprint services in civil cases , and the judiciary will rely on another $ 32 million from bankruptcy charges , including a 33 % increase in the current filing fee . 
Because the figures are based on a small sample , the department said it is 90 % confident only that new-home sales fell somewhere between 5 % and 23 % during the month . 
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony . 
An estimated $ 40 million would come annually from a new $ 20,000 charge on pre-merger notifications to the Justice Department , and Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees would rise by 25 % to fund a $ 26 million increase in the agency 's budget . 
`` He says he ` stole them , ' '' recalls Mr. Guterman . 
She retains her duties of human-resources director . 
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . '' 
Takeover fever has cooled , removing a major horse from the market 's cart . 
But A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research , said last week 's rally was a reflex reaction to the Oct. 13 stock market rout . 
Frank grovels a little for the bookers , probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation . 
Brown had no proof ; but testimony of his mother and stepmother about his father and of an ex-employer about his honesty and habits satisfied a judge that Brown was truthful and his tale of gifts was possible . 
A landslide engulfed a hillside slum in Sao Paulo , Brazil , and at least 20 people , most of them children , were missing and feared dead . 
They also insist that touching is a basic need , as powerful as the need for food or sleep , and that the office is as good a place as any to do it . 
That contrast was reflected in the smaller weekly percentage gains recorded by the broader averages . 
StatesWest operates four twin-engine turboprop aircraft , connecting 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada . 
An executive model would significantly boost Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
But the strong pitch by Mr. Cheney may be too little too late to prevent damage to SDI . 
In an Oct. 10 editorial-page article , `` It 's the World Bank 's Turn to Adjust , '' Paul Craig Roberts lays most of the blame for what ails developing countries at the doorstep of the World Bank . 
A capital-gains tax-cut plan was dropped by Senate Democrats under pressure from their leadership . 
Pacific Gas & Electric fell 3\/8 to 19 5\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 1.7 million shares and Pacific Telesis Group slipped 5\/8 to 44 5\/8 as the companies worked to restore service to areas affected by the quake . 
IF CONTINENTAL Airlines has its way , couples like Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue may find it a hassle to qualify for some new discounts . 
That 's because the widely used fiber-optic cable has been installed underground with 25 extra feet of cable between junction points . 
Shearson Lehman , however , executes program trades for clients . 
C. Barr Schuler , 49 , vice president and chief financial officer , was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions , a new post . 
Then he unleashed his own , unstoppable , attack . 
The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to utilities , hospitals , and colleges and universities owned by the government . 
A recent study for the Federal Aviation Administration found that major airlines sometimes make flight attendants work 16 hours or more straight -- despite union contracts at some airlines limiting duty time to 14 hours . 
General Dynamics Services Co. , a unit of General Dynamics Corp. , won a $ 48.2 million Army contract to establish maintenance facilities for tracked vehicles in Pakistan . 
In a soon-to-be published book on the territory , a political economist , Miron Mushkat , has derived three future scenarios from interviews with 41 Hong Kong government officials and businessmen . 
On the other hand , a decision to increase the IMF 's capital would reinforce the central economic role of multilateral institutions in developing countries . 
His company , without any major effort , sells more machines in China than in Japan . 
In a foreign-policy address before the Soviet legislature , the foreign minister conceded that the radar station in Krasnoyarsk breached the superpower Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty and said it would be dismantled . 
NBC News has produced three episodes of an occasional series produced by Sid Feders called `` Yesterday , Today and Tomorrow , '' starring Maria Shriver , Chuck Scarborough and Mary Alice Williams , that also gives work to actors . 
On one-year CDs of $ 50,000 and less , the average slid to 8.02 % from 8.06 % . 
Norman Berry , the creative executive who was apparently squeezed out of Ogilvy & Mather in June , is returning to Ogilvy 's parent company , WPP Group PLC . 
That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by imported food , cold soft drinks and back issues of Sports Illustrated -- maintain radio contact with the outside world . 
Consumers pay the bill for all this in the price of a refrigerator or an air-conditioned car . 
Republican Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania engaged the nominee in a verbal contest aimed at showing that Mr. Bork was willing to stretch the Constitution in one area ( free speech ) while remaining rigid in all the others . 
Shell Canada Ltd. said it plans to build a lubricants blending and packaging plant at Brockville , Ontario , with start-up scheduled for 1992 . 
West Texas Intermediate for November delivery fell 14 cents a barrel to $ 20.42 . 
`` Batibot '' lacks the polish of `` Sesame Street . '' 
Brokers clutching thick folders stand in lines , waiting their turn to speak to the underwriters . 
The Chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson , resigned because Prime Minister Thatcher would not fire her trusted adviser Sir Alan Walters . 
Foreign publications have responded with articles declaring her Vietnam 's richest woman . 
`` The stocks that have been the best are having big pullbacks , and the ones that have been the worst are getting clobbered , '' Mr. Mills said . 
Even in the wake of Hurricane Hugo 750 people turned out in a remote Virginia town in September for a `` family tribute '' to Mr. North given by two dozen conservative members of Congress . 
Concerning your Sept. 29 article `` Retailers Face Cutbacks , Uncertain Future '' : The outcome of our leveraged buyout is looking very positive . 
Many at Lloyd 's expect the San Francisco earthquake will cause the industry to boost rates even further . 
Those who bought that illusion are now bewildered . 
Aided by a sharp gain in its travel business , American Express said net rose to $ 331.8 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 273.9 million , or 64 cents a share . 
`` Barry felt very committed . 
The more we think about it , the more we suspect Mr. Brady does indeed have enough power where he already is . 
And they say the outlook for 1990 is nearly as bad . 
Its mainline minicomputers and word processors have lost ground to cheaper personal computers . 
But the apple industry is ripe for change . 
According to one analyst , Bernard Savaiko of PaineWebber , New York , the stock market 's ability on Monday to rally from last Friday 's decline -- which seemed to indicate that the economy was n't going to fall either -- took the starch out of precious metals prices , and out of gold 's , in particular . 
He also reaffirmed East Germany 's allegiance to Communist orthodoxy . 
In the latest nine months , Ford earned $ 3.52 billion , or $ 7.51 a share , compared with $ 4.14 billion , or $ 8.53 a share . 
It made my shoelaces dance with terror . 
Monday 's losers included railway , electric-utility and high-technology issues . 
CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT Corp. said its directors declared a dividend of five cents per Class A common stock payable Nov. 6 to stock of record Oct. 16 . 
Two analysts who have read the transcripts , David Nelson of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Calvert D. Crary , a litigation analyst at Labe , Simpson & Co. , think Judge A. David Mazzone will decide in Kodak 's favor on the `` willful and deliberate '' issue . 
The 12-bed `` cooperative care '' unit is one of about 18 nationwide where a family member or friend helps care for a patient in the hospital . 
But yesterday 's rally among `` good '' junk was a badly needed tonic for the market . 
Christmas falls on a Monday , creating a big last-minute weekend opportunity for stores . 
Stock-index funds have grown in popularity over the past decade as pension funds and other institutional investors have sought a low-cost way to match the performance of the stock market as a whole . 
The Hindu newspaper publishes the withheld portion of the Swedish National Audit Bureau 's report . 
The catalyst has been the congressional move to restore preferential tax treatment for capital gains , an effort that is likely to succeed in this Congress . 
Giant yellow cranes were wheeled up alongside the collapsed segment , preparing to lift off chunks of the debris . 
The Merc said that as part of the disciplinary settlement , neither man admitted , nor denied the alleged violations . 
Recession or not , people still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick . 
The company said the dollar 's continued strengthening reduced world-wide sales growth by three percentage points . 
Christopher Hill in Tokyo , Nicholas Hastings in London , Erik Kirschbaum in Frankfurt and Caitlin Randall and Douglas Appell in New York contributed to this article . 
A Beatrice spokesman did n't return calls seeking comment . 
`` We would be the first to admit that we have not devoted the necessary amount of emphasis over the past several years '' to developing examinations for discrimination , said Jonathan Fiechter , a top official of the Office of Thrift Supervision . 
-- A tax of between 3 % and 6 % on property holdings that exceed the governmentset ceiling . 
Any major attempt to revamp the health-care system is likely to trigger opposition from politically powerful interest groups , particularly the American Medical Association , and perhaps from the public as well , if Congress takes steps that patients fear will limit the availability of care . 
The buyer was GE Capital Railcar Services , Chicago , a major owner of railway equipment and part of the GE Capital operations . 
But the sponsors have an explanation : `` Through the character associated with a snail , '' they say , `` important values such as harmony with nature and aspirations for the future are sought . '' 
MIPS is a leader in what is known as reduced-instruction set computing , or RISC , a technology combining microprocessors and sophisticated software . 
As of Sept. 30 , Halsey had 5.3 million common shares outstanding . 
IBM , which said Motorola is paying just a nominal fee to cover the 21-month agreement , acknowledged some companies had turned down its invitation to join in . 
They are awaiting an arbitration proceeding . 
He will succeed Arthur E. Himebaugh as general manager Feb. 1 , when Mr. Himebaugh retires . 
Should they , too , stop `` messing with '' his free market ? 
Now `` everybody is a lot more optimistic . '' 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Enviropact closed at $ 3 a share , up 25 cents . 
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one-year maturity only . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
`` Batman '' alone has racked up more than $ 247 million in box-office receipts to date , making it Warner Bros . ' largest grossing film ever . 
A UPS spokesman said that although none of the company 's terminals , trucks or airplanes were damaged in the quake , road shutdowns and power failures have impeded its pickup and delivery of packages . 
Black Females 
As a result , Judge John F. Keenan of New York ordered Mrs. Marcos to turn over to the court all pleadings and documents she may have filed in foreign countries in opposition to U.S. requests for evidence . 
Paul Ely , general partner of Alpha Partners , a venture-capital firm based in Menlo Park , Calif. , was named a director of this computer company . 
In our time abortion has become another , best left to a line of Supreme Court decisions rather than to the chaos of 50 state legislatures . 
-- Freshman basketball player . 
Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated . 
$ 813.4 million of general obligation bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 757.4 million of tax-exempt bonds and $ 56 million of taxable bonds , tentatively priced by a Goldman Sachs & Co. group . 
What gives these events particular significance , however , is the fact that they are part of a wider drama affecting the strategic positions of both the U.S. and the Soviet Union on the horn of Africa . 
Apple said that its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development . 
Big auction houses want to make collectibles eligible for lower capital-gains taxes . 
Chemical and six other banks , along with First Boston , are providing the rest of the $ 1.6 billion . 
The challengers will have a big price advantage . 
Additionally , the full-year profit last year reflected an after-tax restructuring charge of $ 22.8 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
Still , he adds , `` I could see owning both , given that individuals often have an advantage over big investors in spotting special situations based on their own insights , '' he adds . 
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it completed its purchase of Urban Telephone Corp. , of Clintonville , Wis. , the second-largest unaffiliated independent telephone company in that state . 
`` That 's really where the leverage hurt , '' says Thomas Herzfeld , a Miami-based investment manager who specializes in closed-end funds . 
It is also taking over the maintenance of certain Navy aircraft with 40 % fewer people than the military used . 
The billion-dollar question is , How much are those benefits worth ? 
Bigger rivals , such as Aetna and Allianz , backed by armies of statisticians using computers in hundreds of branches , operate more efficiently and often can offer lower rates , brokers say . 
`` We think we 're on target in looking for renewed economic deterioration , '' he said . 
Betty Lombardi is a mild-mannered homemaker and grandmother in rural Hunterdon County , N.J . 
After being trampled in Tuesday 's selling stampede , the Nasdaq over-the-counter market dusted itself off and moved on in moderate trading . 
In the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 . 
Peter Coors runs the Coors Brewing Co. unit , the nation 's fourth-largest brewery that accounted for $ 1.24 billion of Adolph Coors 's $ 1.52 billion in 1988 sales . 
Dunkin ' Donuts Inc. , battling a takeover proposal by Canada 's DD Acquisition Corp. , said that its directors will evaluate takeover offers submitted by Nov. 10 . 
Groups representing some independent auto-repair shops join a compromise on the Clean Air legislation worked out between environmentalists and Rep. Henry Waxman ( D. , Calif . ) . 
Today a President can still send up spending rescissions , but they 're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind . 
Growth stocks may underperform cyclical stocks next year if the Federal Reserve begins to let interest rates drift sufficiently lower to boost the economy . 
In the year-ago period , the company earned $ 12.9 million , or 45 cents a share , on sales of $ 247 million . 
The couple could n't be reached for comment and apparently have left Rockford , law enforcement officials report . 
Besides reciting the pardon for program trading contained in the Brady Commission report , they said stock-index arbitrage was actually needed Monday to restore the markets ' equilibrium . 
The patients began receiving EPO injections about a month before their scheduled surgery . 
Most of the 300 employees at the oil company 's midtown headquarters building -- including much of senior management -- were unaware of the plan until informed at a morning meeting by Chairman Lawrence G. Rawl . 
A second theme is the undercurrent of social class and race in the public reaction to the Morgan case . 
Thomas E. Meador , 42 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Balcor Co. , a Skokie , Ill. , subsidiary of this New York investment banking firm . 
In the third quarter a year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 51.2 million , or $ 4.68 a share . 
Operating profit for world-wide tobacco products rose 10 % to $ 247.6 million . 
And the successful son wishes his embarrassing siblings dead . 
A further problem is razor-thin profits . 
The GASB had told governments they did n't have to follow FASB rules on depreciation , making it difficult for bond-rating agencies to compare private and state-owned schools , which compete in the public bond market . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Wilfred fell 6.25 cents to 93.75 cents a share . 
Some provisions would let me collect a percentage of the policy 's face value to pay for long-term care such as nursing-home stays ; others would allow payments for catastrophic illnesses and conditions such as cancer , heart attarcks , renal failure and kidney transplants . 
Daffynition 
Mercury , which has assets of more than $ 2 billion and 24 branches in California , said the action to improve its regulatory capital position is related directly to new capital requirements mandated by recently adopted federal legislation . 
It 's hard to believe this really is happening . 
Industry assets as of Aug. 31 were $ 1.31 trillion , the lowest since August 1988 . 
But membership in the International Association of Financial Planners ( IAFP ) , the industry 's biggest trade group , is still nearly triple what it was in 1980 , and it 's believed that the ranks of planners who do n't belong to any group have soared as well . 
Treasury Securities 
EARNINGS : 
A good half-hour into breakfast at the Palmer House , Mr. O'Brien looks up from his plate after Mr. Straszheim says something about people who believe interest rates are about to nosedive . 
Cross & Trecker Corp. said it reached an agreement to sell its Wiedemann division to recently created Murata Wiedemann Inc. , a U.S. affiliate of Murata Machinery Ltd. of Kyoto , Japan . 
Total Merkur sales for the first nine months dropped 46 % from a year ago to just 6,320 cars . 
But those issues recovered quickly and turned higher because of expectations that the quake and the recent Hurricane Hugo would set the stage for an increase in premium rates . 
The goal was to tax people with roughly equivalent incomes equally , and to eliminate the many shelters that allowed the wealthy to escape taxes . 
Nor did it ease restrictions on exports to Poland and Hungary , according to U.S. officials who attended the talks . 
Exxon 's Exxon USA unit was one of the charter members of the Corporate Conservation Council , a panel of executives formed in 1982 by the National Wildlife Federation to foster `` frank and open discussions '' between industry and the federation 's leaders . 
Three seats currently are vacant and three others are likely to be filled within a few years , so patent lawyers and research-based industries are making a new push for specialists to be added to the court . 
A just price and an open market for what Colombian produces and exports should be the policy of the U.S. . 
San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos estimated that damages to the city total $ 2 billion . 
After six months on the run , Mr. Chan learned the order for his arrest had been canceled . 
Trouble was , nobody thought they looked right . 
`` If there 's an emergency and there are n't sufficient funds from elsewhere , I think the attitude will be supportive , '' said Kirk West , president of the California Chamber of Commerce . 
The fund closed yesterday in New York Stock Exchange composite trading at $ 9.625 , up 12.5 cents . 
BellSouth 's revised proposal surprised many industry analysts , especially because of the company 's willingness to accept some dilution of future earnings . 
Nevertheless , on Capitol Hill , where the information was released yesterday at a Senate banking subcommittee hearing , lawmakers said they are worried that financial institutions are routinely discriminating against minorities . 
Germany 's trade surplus is largely with other European countries rather than with the U.S. , Mr. Mulford acknowledged . 
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co-payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers . 
Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict , but the Christian military leader wad the plan was `` full of ambiguities . '' 
Freddie Mac 's 9 % issue ended at 97 19\/32 , up 2\/32 . 
By contrast , the Comex in July imported a highly regarded outsider , Arnold F. Staloff , as its president . 
Broad acceptance of Next 's computer also is hindered by difficulty in distributing software for it . 
Royal withdrew its offer to buy Realist , a maker of optical and electronic products based in Menomonee Falls , Wis. , for $ 14.06 a share in July after Realist disclosed the Ammann purchase . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Dow has n't said exactly what impact the Marion acquisition will have on 1989 earnings . 
The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey this year found that most consumers switch brands for many of the products they use . 
Journal readers are relatively affluent , with a median household income of between $ 75,000 and $ 99,000 . 
Meanwhile , PaineWebber remains among the leaders in efforts to simply persuade investors to keep giving Wall Street their money . 
The New York-based tobacco , food and beer concern said revenue increased to $ 11.25 billion from $ 7.74 billion . 
Under the rules adopted by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , the futures contract can not drop below the limit , but buyers can purchase futures . 
In New York Stock Exchange Composite trading , Integrated shares closed at $ 1.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
The new notes will bear interest at 5.5 % through July 31 , 1991 , and thereafter at 10 % . 
Rural Solidarity objected , to no avail , when Solidarity leader Lech Walesa accepted the Peasants ' support . 
Late yesterday afternoon , DDB Needham executives were scrambling to figure out what to do about a new business presentation that had been scheduled for today , a spokesman said . 
Later , he marketed glue . 
What 's more , Mr. Lang says he has what all publishers wish for : a bona fide niche . 
They wanted a machine that would allow them to pedal into rugged terrain then inaccessible to cycles . 
No one has to accept the sins of the Ottoman Empire to reject that argument . 
Such moves would greatly reduce the power of government ministries , who now jealously guard their turf and are seen as one of the major obstacles blocking economic reform . 
After the October 1987 market crash , Mr. Brady as a private citizen headed a presidential commission that tried to decide what went wrong and what should be done about it . 
Under a less-sweeping Senate plan , the catastrophic-care monthly premium would continue , rising to $ 4.90 next year , but the surtax would be abolished . 
Jim Pattison Industries , a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from car dealerships and grocery stores , did n't elaborate on the statement , and a company official declined further comment . 
`` You ca n't buy anything nowadays . 
Robert Crandall , with the Brookings Institute , agrees . 
The U.S. administration said its plan would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when the free-trade goals would be achieved . 
Such attitudes have given Federal flexibility , not only to rapidly implement new technology but to keep its work force extraordinarily lean . 
Nine-month per-share figures for 1989 reflect $ 12.9 million in preferred dividends that had no counterpart in the year-earlier quarter . 
He said summer drought problems that had hit several southern agricultural regions had stopped being a major source of price pressure in September . 
Over the weekend , the National Abortion Rights Action League singled out eight politicians , including Pennsylvania 's Mr. Freind , as 1990 targets and held a Washington seminar designed to train its leaders in political techniques , including how to put the anti-abortionists on the defensive in state legislatures . 
But he does expect `` a muffler dragger '' of an economy , with `` very slow growth , maybe one quarter of no growth at all . '' 
As the news spread that the refineries were intact , crude prices plunged , ending the day at $ 20.56 a barrel , down 19 cents . 
As with the previous pact , the new agreement covers the country 's debt `` inside the net , '' which applies mainly to repayments due to overseas creditor banks by the private sector . 
The year-earlier figure included a one-time gain of $ 59.9 million from the sale of Corning 's stakes in Japanese businesses . 
`` It became apparent in hearings that there ought to be regulation of leveraged buy-outs of some sort , '' Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House Aviation Subcommittee , said during the panel 's deliberations . 
`` We were reassured they would stand behind the company . '' 
Peter will take the kernel of that idea and make it grow into something specific ... . '' 
Specifically , the British carrier said it currently has no plans to participate in any new offer for UAL . 
The UEP declines to comment , but the group 's attorney , Alfred Frawley , says the group 's actions are motivated solely by `` health concerns . '' 
SHIBUMI : 
A committee of gem dealers investigates the source of some `` hot '' blue topaz stones recently reported by a Hong Kong jewelry manufacturer . 
A group of shareholders filed suit against Imperial Corp. of America , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , First Executive Corp. and others , charging them with artificially inflating Imperial 's stock price to protect certain major investors . 
No employee or vendor would be involved . 
But not here . 
This helps explain the triple-A rating enjoyed by our bonds and our ability to borrow $ 9.3 billion in fiscal 1989 on the most advantageous terms . 
On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing , and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange . 
It 's all part of a new `` command center . '' 
A call option is similar to a put , except that it gives its owner the right to buy shares at a stated price until expiration . 
The Paris-based group said its earlier projection -- that group profit for all of 1989 would be close to the 322.7 million francs posted for 1988 -- remains valid . 
Sotheby 's has been aggressively promoting the Dorrance sale . 
We 've taken it on the chin . 
The director 's attempt to force some Brechtian distance between her actors and their characters frequently backfires with performances that are unduly mannered . 
Mr. Werner , 58 , was formerly senior executive vice president of the parent company and the unit . 
Lawyers for the company and executives could n't be reached for comment . 
The news told them it would be a while longer before UAL resumed trading like a regular airline stock after months of gyrations . 
But according to Doug Madison , a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles , a large number of short positions must first be corrected , spurring a temporary upswing , before the unit can turn lower . 
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added . 
With fast-food outlets on every corner , he , like many , does n't think he has a choice in the price war : `` Our customers say that they wo n't go into a fast-food store unless they get a coupon . '' 
The maximum allowable property holdings for insurance companies would be reduced to 10 % of their total asset value , down from 15 % currently . 
`` We want it to be a '90s kind of image . '' 
And a Democratic aide to a Banking Committee member remarks , `` I too am astounded by it , because Gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of Democratic senators in a very bad position . '' 
`` It was certainly good to have him handy , '' Mrs. Bobar says . 
People had died . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 110.4 million from $ 105.4 million . 
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) . 
While a decline in orders for cars and civilian airplanes pulled down the orders total , an enormous jump in orders for heavy military equipment propped it up . 
The Nasdaq 100 rose 7.08 to 445.23 . 
`` The earning power { of gold mining companies } is restricted unless the gold price hops up over $ 425 an ounce , '' he says . 
To make an LBO work , now we are going to need more than just junk bonds . 
And this week , the industry 's efforts will go national for the first time when it unveils a $ 7 million advertising campaign . 
`` Everyone in the world is watching us very closely . '' 
And if you `` consider the changing distribution of credit , '' Mr. Durkin says , `` much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , '' that is , `` those probably best able to handle it . '' 
The labor-management buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board . 
It also announced an initial public offering of 18 % of its gas exploration and production subsidiary . 
`` What I thought I was saying is that the market is troubled but still viable and , appropriately enough , quite quality-conscious , which is not at all bad , '' he says . 
Many Law School Grads Find Classes Never End 
Jeffrey , Peter and Joseph Jr. are brothers . 
All this has led to prolonged selling in futures , mostly on the part of computer-guided funds . 
Rather than just send out marketing people to knock on customers ' doors , IBM is making several hundred of its own manufacturing people available to discuss specific needs . 
Mercury Savings & Loan Association , Huntington Beach , Calif. , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 3.9 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 1.4 million , or 22 cents a share , in the year-earlier quarter . 
The Soviet owners will be Mossoviet , Moscow 's city governing body , and Aeroflot , the Soviet national airline . 
And , defenders say , few people complain about futures when stock prices are rising . 
He added that talk of strike settlements at producing mines has been fully discounted . 
Alarmed , state and federal authorities are trying to devise ways to certify and regulate planners . 
Few American officials were willing any longer to defend him . 
Unilever already has experienced some disappointment . 
Nikon Corp. said unconsolidated pretax profit increased 70 % to 12.12 billion yen ( $ 85.3 million ) in the first half ended Sept. 30 , from 7.12 billion yen a year ago . 
Currently writing his memoirs , Mr. Churchill , an artist , tells how tycoons such as the late Jean Paul Getty , the oil billionnaire , were , in fact , known only by one initial , their last . 
An official at Consolidated Freightways Inc. , a Menlo Park , Calif. , less-than-truckload carrier , said rate discounting in that industry has begun to `` stabilize . '' 
Enron Power Corp. , a unit of the Houston natural gas pipeline company , would design , construct and run the plant . 
Farmers lay down before the bulldozers . 
Despite federal approval , General Dynamics says it decided it wo n't go ahead with the matching program . 
The offering used at-market pricing . 
Meanwhile , in the squat office buildings that ring Fashion Island , the odds are good that someone is getting fleeced . 
A number of major banks have posted big losses after sharply increasing loan-loss reserves . 
The ministry said the swap , details of which were disclosed last Thursday , will allow both state-controlled companies to reinforce operations in their main markets and argued that the move shows the dynamism of France 's state-sector concerns . 
`` We still have our die-hard baseball fans , '' a spokesman said . 
The consolidation is expected to save $ 1 million a year in administrative costs , a Great American spokesman said . 
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable . 
`` Banks want to remain competitive , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
`` As one of China 's provinces , Taiwan has no right to join GATT on its own , '' Foreign Ministry spokesman Li Zhaoxing said . 
Returns for 1988 from people with six-month filing extensions were due Monday , but the IRS says people in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing if their returns are marked `` Hugo '' and postmarked by Jan. 16 . 
Officers of the company , a health-care concern , `` were very discouraged on Friday and felt they should n't go public ; we felt they should , '' says Sanford Robertson , partner in the banking concern . 
Karen Fine Coburn Publisher Global Environmental Change Report Arlington , Mass . 
Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says . 
London shares also closed firmer in thin trading driven largely by technical factors and support from a new Wall Street rally . 
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % . 
The company did n't disclose the new estimate but said the change was related to Integrated 's failure to sell its core businesses , as well as `` other events , '' which it did n't detail , that occurred after its announcement last week that it was in talks with the unidentified prospective buyer . 
But again , the themes get tangled in Mr. Mahfouz 's elliptical storytelling . 
For the year-earlier month , the Big Board reported 461,539,056 shares , indicating a 13.5 % year-to-year rise , while the Amex reported 36,015,194 shares , a 48 % leap . 
Hopes for quick enactment of pending deficit-reduction legislation faded as efforts to streamline the House version in advance of a House-Senate conference broke down . 
Executives say Mr. Gorbachev 's moves to break up the government 's foreign trade monopoly have created uncertainties as well as opportunities . 
`` The arrogance of a judge , his demeanor , the way he handles people are not a basis for filing a complaint , '' says Mr. Bognato . 
The offer is scheduled to expire on Nov. 28 , unless extended . 
The pithiest testimony to their domination of the just-concluded tournament came from Giants ' manager Roger Craig after his team had fallen in Game Three to a five-home-run barrage that tied a 61-year-old Series record . 
PaineWebber declined to comment . 
But that is not much of a consolation to draw from the failure of General Aoun . 
Robert Delaney , a consultant at Arthur D. Little Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , said `` We 've gotten all the benefits of deregulation in freight-cost reductions . 
Mr. Lesko himself is n't yet prepared to accept that explanation . 
Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie , but their offices , with rows of clerks hunched over ledgers and abacuses , are more like scenes from a Dickens novel . 
This proved particularly valuable to the Panamanian government in 1967 , when union leaders were planning a May Day march that the government feared could turn violent . 
Construction of the 265,000-square-foot facility will begin next year , with production expected to start in late 1991 . 
Nekoosa also is being advised by Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
It virtually dictated how ships were to be built and it monitored commerce through a unrivaled intelligence network in ports around the globe . 
At times , salesmen may embellish the inside information with `` the notion that this is some slightly shady , slightly illegal investment the person is being included in , '' says Mr. Cunningham . 
Robert J. Regal was named president and chief executive officer of this company 's Universal-Rundle Corp. unit . 
Laura Dale , center manager at the catalog company 's customer order center in Reno , Nev. , defends monitoring . 
Each $ 5000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 15 , 1989 , to Oct. 18 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 23 . 
Though Democrats can gloat at all this for now , they may want to contain their glee . 
Environmentalists criticized the program as merely a public-relations attempt to head off a White House proposal to require a million cars a year that run on cleaner-burning fuels by 1997 . 
Two years later , Mrs. Aquino 's promise remains largely unfulfilled . 
In early trading in Tokyo Friday , the Nikkei index rose 170.65 points , to 35544.87 . 
William A. Wise , 44 years old , president of the El Paso Natural Gas Co. unit of this energy and natural-resources concern , was named to the additional post of chief executive officer , succeeding Travis H. Petty , 61 , who continues as a vice chairman of the parent . 
Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference . 
Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with a nearly five-year-old moratorium on new dual listings , separate and different listing requirements , differing trading and settlement guidelines and diverging national-policy aims . 
`` I think the consumer has pretty well played himself out , '' said David Littman , senior economist at Manufacturers National Bank of Detroit . 
The 4.9 million-share volume flowing through the Jacobson specialist operation was about five times normal for the stock . 
But only two-thirds of Lexus dealers are constructing new buildings according to the Lexus specs . 
`` We 've started trying just about anything to keep sales moving in the stores , '' says Kim Renk , a Swank vice president . 
He also leads an opulent life style . 
These groups constitute up to 10 % of its work force . 
`` What { the report } shows is everything we 've been saying for the past eight or nine years -- that audio taping is the best thing to happen for the recording industry . 
Wednesday , Mr. Belli 's staff was n't permitted into his office by city officials worried about their safety . 
Pinnacle West Capital , whose earnings have been hurt by continued problems at its MeraBank unit , fell 1 5\/8 to 9 1\/8 on 2.1 million shares to lead the Big Board 's list of most active issues . 
The small drop in equity funds in general in the latest week may not necessarily be a good sign , said A. Michael Lipper , president of Lipper Analytical . 
In a statement , Alex Kroll , Young & Rubicam 's chairman , said `` under the present circumstances { we } have agreed that it is prudent to discontinue that contract . '' 
`` People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' '' says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer & Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser . 
David Vranian M.B.A. Student University of Colorado Boulder , Colo . 
Morgan Guaranty Trust , Toronto-Dominion Bank and Provident National Bank , an affiliate of PNC Financial Corp. , jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said . 
Microsoft 's surge followed a report this week of substantially improved earnings for its first quarter , ended Sept. 30 . 
But the Memphis , Tenn. , facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long-term outlook as well . 
Revenue rose only 3.3 % in the latest period , to $ 1.53 billion from $ 1.48 billion . 
AT&T predicted strong growth in demand for such products . 
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation . 
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital-gains tax cut if faced with a potential default . 
Mr. Fournier said the exceptional gain would mean nearly twice as high a dividend this year as last . 
The decline surprised analysts and jolted HomeFed 's stock , which lost 8.6 % of its value , closing at $ 38.50 on the New York Stock Exchange , down $ 3.625 . 
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims . 
Mr. Digate says that Beyond will refine the product `` so the message will be smart enough to know to come back and bother you again next week . '' 
The statement angered Chairman Greenspan , but it was greeted with applause by the Bush administration and the financial markets . 
MCA Inc. said third-quarter net fell 6.3 % to $ 50.8 million , or 69 cents a share , from $ 54.3 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Dang is alleged to have used the account of Singapore hotel and property magnate Ong Beng Seng to effect the transactions . 
After Friday 's decline , Mr. Perritt 's firm ran statistical tests on 100 high-quality stocks , using old-fashioned value criteria devised by Benjamin Graham , an analyst and author in the 1930s and 1940s who is widely considered to be the father of modern securities analysis . 
`` He does n't signify what people want , so the unrest will go on , '' Mr. Oldenburg predicts . 
His advice : Do n't panic . 
In addition , the government is scheduled to unveil plans for privatizing Philippine Airlines , the national carrier , an effort that lawyer and business columnist Rodolfo Romero calls `` the bellwether of privatization . '' 
Unlike many lawmakers , Chairman Gonzalez says he considers intervening with regulators to be improper . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to $ 5.2 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 1 million , or six cents a share , a year ago . 
In direct cash assistance , $ 1 billion is provided in federal highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion is divided between general emergency aid and a reserve to be available to the president to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said it agreed to buy well-servicing assets of two companies and expects to report higher third-quarter revenue and earnings . 
Last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate . 
COMPARE P\/E RATIOS WITH PROSPECTS . 
In the meantime , the arbs are bleeding . 
Health Care Property holds an interest in 139 facilities in 30 states . 
Lee Seidman of Cleveland says Infiniti `` was a bear on interiors '' but at least let him retrofit an existing building -- without the stream . 
That two successful producers who are n't all that well known outside Hollywood could occasion such a clash of corporate titans suggests how desperate the quest for proven talent is in the movie business . 
Both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals and enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of Connaught 's shares outstanding . 
3:25 a.m . 
At the core of Mr. Loggia 's Mancuso is his world-weary truculence . 
Moody 's said it is assessing the strategies Ryder 's management may follow in addressing significant challenges in some major markets . 
The opposition Labor Party leader , Neil Kinnock , in a display of the male chauvinism typical of the British lower class , denounced Mrs. Thatcher for having an independent mind and refusing to heed the men in her Cabinet . 
R.H. Macy & Co. , the closely held department store chain , said in a financial filing Friday that its sales for the fiscal fourth quarter ended July 29 were up 10 % to $ 1.59 billion against $ 1.44 billion a year earlier . 
Max Gitter , another GAF defense attorney , said yesterday , `` As we go in for the third time , Yogi Berra 's famous line is apt : ` It 's deja vu all over again . ' '' 
The State Department said it had received a new letter on the subject from Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe Arens , restating Israel 's previous objection to negotiating with any Palestinian tied to the PLO . 
But traders said the junk bond market increasingly is separating into a top-tier group , in which trades can be executed easily , and a larger group of lower-quality bonds in which liquidity -- or the ability to trade without too much difficulty -- has steadily deteriorated this year . 
Marsh & McLennan Cos. said it agreed to acquire the rest of Gradmann & Holler , a leading West German insurance brokerage firm in which it has held a 15 % stake for 15 years . 
Takeover activity will slow down as more and more banks tighten their lending requirements , he says . 
This gives them the added benefits of international diversification -- including a foreign-exchange boost during periods , like the past week , when the dollar declines against other major currencies . 
In the 45 minutes before the 9:30 opening bell , the Jacobson specialists kept getting sell orders , heavier than they imagined . 
TW Services dropped 1 1\/4 to 31 1\/4 following the postponement of a $ 1.4 billion junk-bond offering that would have permitted Coniston Partners to complete its takeover of the company . 
`` When we were told it was Exxon , it was beyond all expectations ; what a coup , '' said Tom Lewis , senior vice president of Dallas Partnership , the economic development affiliate of the city 's Chamber of Commerce . 
But it may lead to separate financial reports based on different rules for the government entities under FASB rules and those still under GASB rules . 
The collapse of a $ 6.79 billion labor-management buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. may not stop some of Wall Street 's top talent from collecting up to $ 53.7 million in fees . 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 1.15 billion from $ 1.06 billion . 
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short . 
The study said Japan 's carbon-dioxide emissions would slightly more than double by 2010 unless the nation reduced its dependence on fossil fuels . 
Moreover , surely someone has noticed that household refrigerators are closed systems , running for many years without either the CFC gas or the insulation ever escaping . 
`` At this stage it was felt I was perhaps more pertinent as chief executive . '' 
Though his operation was registered and used only scrap , he was accused of conducting illegal business and possessing illegal materials . 
St. Paul Cos. jumped 2 to 59 3\/4 on 517,500 shares . 
`` I 'm the secretary-general , if there is one , '' he says , greeting a visitor to his office . 
And that means 42-year-old Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive since January , will for the first time take complete control of Kidder and try to make good on some grandiose plans . 
But the Reagan administration thought otherwise , and so may the Bush administration . 
It is the very lack of obvious drama or spectacle that sets the beauty of our land apart . 
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed . 
Here , the city is dark and laden with symbolism : Said has left his jail cell only to enter the larger prison of Cairo society . 
I suggest that three themes have come together in the strange case of Dr. Morgan . 
`` What you 're going to get is ` We do n't want to put all of our eggs in one basket ' theory , '' said James H. Renzas , president of Location Management Services Inc. , a Palo Alto , Calif. , relocation concern . 
The FBI is very supportive of and an active participant in Mr. Bennett 's initiative . 
Mr. Miller said that Wang has already sold some $ 12 million of miscellaneous assets and disclosed that it had received $ 13 million from Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , in the previously announced sale of its Stirling , Scotland , plant . 
The murderer , Ronald Gene Simmons , was convicted of killing 14 people . 
Also beginning trading today on the Big Board are El Paso Refinery Limited Partnership , El Paso , Texas , ( ELP ) and Franklin Multi-Income Trust , San Mateo , Calif. , ( FMI ) . 
A spokesman for the retail jeweler said the company would provide more details today and that it expects to reach a definitive agreement by the end of the week . 
It was the first day of trading following the suspension of Navigation Mixte shares last Monday , when Paribas announced its plan to pay 1,850 francs for each Navigation Mixte share . 
Overall , Saab-Scania 's pretax profit during the first eight months of the year plunged 48.9 % to 1 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 155.1 million ) from 1.96 billion kronor ( $ 303.9 million ) a year earlier . 
White children empty the wastepaper baskets and squeegee the windows . 
A few years ago , Mrs. Hammack insisted on buying earthquake insurance for this house , which had been converted into apartments . 
Robert Robie , 51 , was named to the new positions of vice chairman and chief credit officer . 
Some companies are raising money in anticipation of a government less predictable than Mr. Gandhi 's , and possibly more restrictive . 
It had hemorrhaged in its attempt to get into Asia , where treaty restrictions forced it to fly some planes half-empty on certain routes . 
One major NBC affiliate , KCRA in Sacramento , plans to cancel the NBC Saturday morning line-up as of January and replace it with a local newscast . 
The commission found that if the British government attempted to block the merger , Rhone-Poulenc would likely respond by closing the salicylates plant Monsanto operates in Wales , removing the matter from U.K. jurisdiction . 
The tax increase -- on top of the current six-cent per dollar sales tax -- would become effective this Dec. 1 and expire Dec. 31 , 1990 . 
That 's true of only 14 % of households headed by someone 60 or older . 
Will he , if he wins , be in the thrall of the most liberal of his allies , who advocate such policies as rent control for commercial buildings , or will he tilt toward the real-estate interests that have funneled money into his campaign ? 
`` I did n't even know that a company in a socialistic country could file for bankruptcy . '' 
For instance , the new U.S. package makes clear there would be a transition period during which GATT members could use a combination of tariffs and quotas to cushion their farmers from foreign competition . 
In a study , the comptroller said , `` The city 's glory days are over . '' 
The man who brought the bribe to the Dallas school was Ron Meyer , a flashy sort who came in 1975 to rescue a woebegone program , Mr. Whitford writes . 
John Christie , a lawyer here for the two Chicago Title & Trust units accused the FTC of `` second-guessing '' state-level regulations , with which , he said , his clients had complied . 
Died : Robert V. Van Fossan , 63 , chairman of Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Co. , Sunday , in Morristown , N.J. , of cancer . 
Housing has been weak all year and especially so in the past five months . 
Tankers from the Latvian port of Ventspils each year unload 25 million gallons of fuel into a special tank farm at the airport . 
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. . 
( People in the phone business call this technology `` 900 click . '' ) 
The company said its People 's Savings Bank unit does n't have a `` large exposure to construction and commercial loans that have caused the loan-loss problems in many of the banks . 
`` How do you prove a negative ? '' 
The news could n't have been better , '' said Linda Kristiansen , a Dean Witter Reynolds analyst , in an interview . 
Perhaps most important , Mr. Noriega 's allies have intervened to encourage -- in some cases , to demand -- that the dictator maintain his grip of the throne . 
In terms of sheer brutality , the Somali regime of Siad Barre may rank as No. 1 in the world . 
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . '' 
Corroon said it will announce a successor to Mr. Crane at a later date . 
`` There was no problem at all , '' says Douglas Ford , chief executive officer of the futures exchange . 
This business trust company said its board elected Kieran E. Burke , a consultant to Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. , as chief executive officer , a new post , and as president . 
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues . 
Two Air Force facilities near Sacramento , and Travis Air Force Base , 50 miles northeast of San Francisco , were designated to serve as medical-airlift centers . 
The price war peaked in the third quarter as Big Three factory discounts climbed to more than $ 1,000 a vehicle , according to industry officials . 
Your editorial was commendable and neatly matched by the readers ' comments in letters to the editor , `` Alar : Scaring on the Side of Caution . '' 
Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights , and it was `` in Warner 's interest to accommodate MGM\/UA , Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives , '' Mr. Daly said in his affidavit . 
U.S. and Soviet negotiators opened talks in New York aimed at resolving differences in proposals to reduce chemical-weapons arsenals . 
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day . 
Mr. von Germeten , in turn , attributed the controversy to judgmental errors by accountants and accused Shearson of conducting a `` witch hunt . '' 
He said Rorer opted to sell Asilone and Thrombinar to raise revenue that would `` kick start '' its increased marketing efforts behind Maalox , still its top-selling product with about $ 215 million in world-wide sales in 1988 . 
The exchange , which abandoned such a `` collar '' last year because it did n't prevent sharp price swings , has been under attack recently for not taking action against program trading . 
Hershey Foods Corp. strives for fairness by basing increases on quarterly reviews , annual appraisals and meetings with workers . 
The Revco bonds are high-yield , high-risk `` junk '' bonds ; holders have $ 750 million in claims against Revco , Mr. Schulte said . 
Takeover-stock traders , stung by their huge losses in UAL stock , remained eager for some action by an outside catalyst following the collapse Oct. 13 of a $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion labor-management buy-out . 
He did not say what effect , if any , the $ 500,000 fine would have on the company 's earnings . 
People did n't believe we were in tune with the marketplace , and in many ways we were n't . '' 
Although the notes held at a price of 92 to 93 immediately after the reset , they started falling soon afterward . 
Some agencies simply keep bad loans on the books ; as late as 1987 , the Export-Import Bank held in its portfolio at face value loans made to Cuba in the 1950s . 
On a comparable store basis , including the new acquisitions for both years , sales for fiscal 1989 were up 1.9 % . 
`` The cash from the sale will go to L.J. Hooker , but the company itself will belong to Sam Merksamer . '' 
The damage reported focused on a select few who owned irreplaceable historic homes on the Battery . 
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Conservatives pushing for a line-item veto now , he notes , may regret it later : `` Sometime , you 're going to have a Democratic president again '' who 'll use his expanded powers against those very same conservatives . 
He added that it likely will have a `` mulitiplier effect '' in stimulating further trade between the two countries . 
In addition , on Jan. 1 , Thomas A. Bennett , 52 , will become vice chairman and chief operating officer of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust , filling a vacancy left by the retired Hans W. Wanders in April . 
An American Express Co. survey of its travel agents revealed that only 34 % believe their clients will pick a trip this winter based on the availability of winter sports , as opposed to 69 % who think that warm-weather sports will be the deciding factor . 
Derek Alun-Jones , Ferranti 's chairman , has said he hoped to pursue legal action against those responsible . 
In addition to giving a president powers to rewrite spending bills meant to be written in Congress , Rep. Edwards argues , a line-item veto would allow the chief executive to blackmail lawmakers . 
Sen. Bradley 's argument is that a capital-gains tax cut would be bad for the economy in the longer run . 
No foreign companies bid on the Hiroshima project , according to the bureau . 
But James Ireland , a Miami-based technical analyst with Avmark Inc. , an aircraft evaluation firm , estimated the total `` half-life '' value of the 15 planes at about $ 650 million or more . 
But interest instead decreased . 
Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137,550,000 of sports facilities lease revenue Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) bonds , Series 1989 D , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group . 
To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking , this indicates that political philosophy leads congressional Republicans to pay less attention to narrow constituent concerns . 
As competition heats up in Spain 's crowded bank market , Banco Exterior de Espana is seeking to shed its image of a state-owned bank and move into new activities . 
Some victims also were treated at the Letterman Army Medical Center in San Francisco and at the Naval Hospital in Oakland . 
-- Per capita income of blacks , though still only 60 % that of whites , rose 3.9 % in 1988 , while per capita income of whites rose only 1.5 % . 
A rambunctious shake-up is quickly reshaping Europe 's once-stately insurance business . 
Analysts said the numbers were better than expectations , partly because of strong profit margins and a positive foreign-currency translation . 
This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages . 
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one-third that of the Americans . 
The trust , created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , owns 7.2 million of the Series A convertible preferred shares , which are each convertible into 10 Manville common shares . 
BUSINESSLAND INC. , San Jose , computer retail company , annual sales of $ 1.1 billion , NYSE , said all 16 corporate office and stores in the area were open with the exception of a retail center in San Francisco 's business district . 
I 've learned one thing from candidates , A technique so deftly done : If a question ca n't be answered , Strongly answer an unasked one ! 
Separately , Statistics Canada reported that its industrial-product price index dropped 0.2 % in September , its third consecutive monthly decline . 
Cuba was elected to the U.N. Security Council for the first time since its Castro-led revolution 30 years ago . 
In 1986 , Stamford officials thanked Mr. Hoelzer for taking care of the mural -- and demanded he return it as soon as possible . 
Giant Group said a federal court in Delaware has denied a motion by Rally 's Inc. seeking to block a group led by Giant Chairman Burt Sugarman from acquiring more of the company 's shares . 
H. Anthony Ittleson was elected a director of this company , which primarily has interests in radio and television stations , increasing the number of seats to five . 
Continental , a Texas Air Corp. unit , recently unveiled a marketing program offering free companion tickets to business-class and first-class passengers on international flights . 
Mr. Uhr said that Mr. Petrie or his company have been accumulating Deb Shops stock for several years , each time issuing a similar regulatory statement . 
Each legislator , after all , is only one out of 535 when it comes to national policy making . 
In the first nine months of 1989 , Nixdorf said , sales rose 5 % amid good growth in selected areas such as banks and trading companies . 
The company , which makes integrated circuits and other electronic parts , now has about 47 million common shares outstanding . 
They 're bound to exaggerate . 
Earlier this month the St. Louis Fed held a conference to assess the system 's first 75 years . 
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . '' 
With 65 % of its sales coming from mountain bikes , Specialized is widely considered to be a market leader . 
Meanwhile , more computer makers now are competing for the new business . 
By contrast , an investor in stocks must put up 50 % in cash . 
Thus , the IRS says , the Blandings ' $ 200,000 loan is home-acquisition debt , and interest on it is fully deductible . 
Ogilvy under the fastidious Mr. Roman gained a reputation as occasionally being high-handed in its treatment of clients , of preaching what strategy a client should -- indeed , must -- follow . 
Critics of the present arrangement are correct to say that it is undemocratic . 
But analysts estimated that GM had a loss of as much as $ 300 million on domestic vehicle operations . 
Thus , in recent contract negotiations , Mr. Guzman Cabrera gave up the union 's right to assign 40 % of all of Pemex 's outside contracts -- an enormous source of kickbacks . 
Democracy is forcing the abortion debate toward healthy compromise , toward the unpolarizing middle . 
One group is the Committee on State Taxation , which comprises 330 multistate corporations and advises the Council of State Chambers of Commerce . 
`` I could get AZT , '' says Mrs. Glaser , who bears her infection without any symptoms . 
Officials at Carnival declined to comment . 
`` And we were able to attract some new advertisers because this is something new . '' 
Courts have ruled that taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits , but the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1986 or 1987 . 
But while the chip 's speed in processing power is dazzling , it 's real strength lies in its software inheritance . 
Analysts worry that the disk-drive and leasing problems will last at least through the first quarter . 
However , Mr. Kloves directs his own material without sentimentality and at its own eccentric pace ; `` Baker Boys '' is both bluesy and funny . 
When the judge bought his new Sunbird from James E. Black Pontiac-Cadillac in Ebensburg five years ago , the dealership had `` certain apprehensions '' about the judge 's reputation , according to the grand-jury report . 
Tucson Electric closed at $ 20.875 a share , down 25 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The work , though , sounds like Muzak for spaceships . 
Such a statute illustrates the fundamental problem : Congress finds it is easier to pass sweepingly moralistic prohibitions , which the courts must thereafter interpret , than to engage in the difficult line-drawing distinctions that are inherently its responsibility . 
People may be particularly vulnerable to flim-flam pitches when they are in the midst of a major upheaval in their lives . 
But recent events indicate that federal credit is out of control . 
At El Monte Travel Center in El Monte , Calif. , customers now can get in only through a buzzer and lock system . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 151,000 , bid , and $ 162,000 , asked . 
First , he suggests , GPA Group Ltd. , the international aircraft leasing company based in Ireland , could lease some of its Boeing jetliners to the Soviet airline . 
BankAmerica eased 1\/2 to 31 7\/8 and Wells Fargo lost 1\/2 to 81 1\/2 ; the two bank holding companies , based in San Francisco , were forced to curtail some operations due to the temblor . 
You have time to put precautionary mechanisms in place , '' notes a Vista spokeswoman . 
Roads and bridges in the Bay area appear to have suffered some of the most costly damage . 
`` Productivity in Japanese offices is relatively low . '' 
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings . 
He noted that institutional investors showed `` pretty general '' interest in stocks in the latest session . 
A four-day matched sale-purchase agreement , a move to drain liquidity from the system , was viewed as a technical move , rather than an indication of tightening credit . 
In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load . 
The 77-year-old Sisulu was among eight black political activists freed Sunday from prison . 
Although some HDTV advocates are calling for other forms of aid , such as antitrust relief for research consortia , the small firms simply would prefer more DARPA funds . 
London-based LIT Holdings , the largest financer of traders in the Chicago options and futures markets , said yesterday it will incur a second-half loss as a result of the market plunge . 
Institutional investors have poured $ 210 billion into stock and bond indexing as a cheap and easy form of investment management that promises to post average market returns . 
Mrs. Thatcher 's remarks were seen as a rebuff to several leading members of her own Conservative Party who have called for a more clear-cut British commitment to the EMS . 
But then it was acquired by Household International Inc . 
The pilots have a strong financing tool in their willingness to cut their annual compensation by $ 200 million , and to commit $ 200 million from their retirement funds . 
Americans stay longer with Japanese firms than American companies . 
Ending tax-free shopping in the European Community after 1992 could threaten more than 3,000 jobs , the International Duty Free Confederation said . 
The GNP of the Bahamas is probably somewhere between one and two billion dollars . 
Gary Ciminero , economist at Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group , Providence , R.I. , expects the deflator to rise 3.7 % , well below the second quarter 's 4.6 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior . 
Nor will students from racial-minority groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the affirmative-action `` target '' for their group . 
Once production hurdles are overcome , the chips could take over a significant part of the market . 
Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them . 
It started with improvements in hygiene made possible by affordable soap and washable underwear during the Industrial Revolution . 
Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies . 
While Asian markets struggled to cope with the uncertainty caused by the Oct. 13 plunge in New York stock prices , futures trading in Hong Kong was relatively heavy and went smoothly . 
Suddenly , George Bush the pro-choice advocate became George Bush the anti-abortionist . 
But even a raft of recent failures is n't stopping them from launching new publications . 
Foreign earnings fell to $ 180 million from $ 182 million that included a $ 48 million gain from lower Canadian and Australian taxes . 
In exchange for dramatically lower tax rates , the framers of that legislation sought to eliminate most of the exemptions , deductions and credits that gave some taxpayers an advantage over others . 
Rivals carp at `` the principle of Pilson , '' as NBC 's Arthur Watson once put it -- `` he 's always expounding that rights are too high , then he 's going crazy . '' 
In over-the-counter trading Friday , Jayark was quoted at 87.5 cents bid , down 15.625 cents . 
The directors would be able to sell particular assets to enable such buyers as the regional Bell operating companies to purchase the company 's interests . 
A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings and thus stock prices , but it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall . 
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series . 
There are $ 9.76 million of 7 % term bonds due 2003 , priced at 99 3\/4 to yield about 7.03 % . 
Daffynition 
For example , in focusing on Mr. Freeman 's attempt to gain nonpublic information about a deal 's collapse , one does not naturally think about the reverse side of the coin : What if the rumor had been false ? 
The state has endorsed the New England Electric plan , which promises to limit rate increases to 4.8 % annually for seven years . 
WINSTON-SALEM , N.C. -- 
Elsewhere , share prices rebounded in Hong Kong , Sydney , Singapore , Wellington , Taipei , Manila and Seoul . 
The House approved an $ 837 million aid package for Poland and Hungary , nearly double what Bush had requested . 
Such news is good for bonds because economic weakness sometimes causes the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in an effort to stimulate the economy and stave off a recession . 
And before last Friday , they were actually making modest progress . 
The Command 's huge bureaucracy is needed to analyze whether leaders of coups against Gen. Noriega meet the War Powers Act 's six points , Cap Weinberger 's seven points , the Intelligence Committee 's 32 points and Woodrow Wilson 's 14 points necessary to justify U.S. support . 
Traders say investors are worried that the CDU wo n't be able to hold office in federal elections at the end of 1990 . 
While people were jingling their change , the LDP politicians were caught in scandals . 
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns . 
Lenders had doubts about the project even before June 4 , but the harsh crackdown , which caused many businesses to reassess their China transactions , `` gave the banks the out they wanted , '' says an official close to the Shanghai venture . 
Noting that Sweden wound up wasting state subsidies of about 35 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 5.47 billion ) during the 1970s in a vain attempt to salvage its shipbuilding industry , one analyst suggested that Mr. Suominen may have decided to cut Finland 's losses once and for all . 
`` But it still has n't shown that it can win in a state like Pennsylvania or Missouri , where abortion has been clearly an electoral issue and where it 's been an emotional issue for a long time . '' 
It also said projections of surging U.S. demand for natural gas and price forecasts of C$ 5.25 per thousand cubic feet by 2005 would make the project economically viable . 
What matters is that the stocks recommended by your pros tend to be substantially riskier than a diversified portfolio . 
Analysts , however , were surprised because the tender offer appeared unsolicited . 
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading . 
Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval for the accord partly by structuring it in a way that would n't preclude a full Ford bid once the golden share expires . 
Some analysts also were disturbed by a pickup in the growth of business inventories . 
LTV Corp. won a $ 25 million Army contract for missile test equipment . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
He wound up and let loose a fastball . 
B.A.T ended the day at 778 , down 5 , on turnover of 7.5 million shares . 
Although its palatial residence was destroyed by bombs during World War II , the Rothschilds ' place in Frankfurt 's history is still recalled by the city park and a street bearing the Rothschild name . 
And considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended nursing-home care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it . 
Operating revenue surged 54 % in the latest period to $ 42.9 million from $ 27.7 million . 
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % . 
Then he sent the pooch 's picture with the certificate of membership -- it was made out to `` Boris ` Bo ' Regaard '' -- to every newspaper he could think of . ) 
Still , suggestions ' net savings per 100 employees is $ 274,475 in Japan vs. $ 24,891 in the U.S. . 
Many commuters who normally drove across the Bay Bridge , which is shut down for several weeks because of damage to one span , actually may have reached work a bit faster on BART yesterday , provided they could find a parking space at the system 's jammed stations . 
If the refinancing plan clears Congress , there could be fairly heavy prepayments on the premium securities , hurting any investor paying much above par for them . 
`` My first reaction is I do n't understand why it 's taken so long . 
TransTechnology Corp. , a Sherman Oaks , Calif. , defense contractor that earned $ 9.2 million on revenue of $ 235.2 million in 1988 , provides a more dramatic example of cost-cutting . 
The resulting stockpiling has depressed the market . 
Tokyu Development Corp. is spending $ 500 million to build American-style luxury homes in suburban Tokyo with rarely seen back yards , front yards , swimming pools and tennis courts . 
Steel jackets of a type that may have prevented collapse of the columns of a 1.5-mile stretch of the Nimitz Freeway had been installed on at least a small test section of the double-decker highway last year by California 's Department of Transportation , employees familiar with the project say . 
For the past six years , Mr. Menell , 43 years old , served as vice president for government affairs at American Express . 
One-Cancels-The-Other Order : This is really two orders in one , generally for the same security or commodity , instructing floor brokers to fill whichever order they can first and then cancel the other order . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
But Mr. Corr 's tenure was shorter than most . 
But with the impending passage of these new programs , Mr. Bush will surely be sending many people hurtling back into the regulatory thicket that he had helped cut back . 
Above all , though , proponents say neither the Contra nor the SDI cause can be pushed much further without more presidential support . 
There are still others who do n't mind seeing new crises arise . 
Japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers to study the U.S. market , including the New York-based investment banker Veronis , Suhler & Associates . 
`` Aerospace orders are very good , '' Mr. Cole says . 
Quebecor started the Philadelphia Journal , a daily tabloid , in 1977 and closed it three years later . 
Some analysts predict that disappointment in Mr. Gandhi 's spent pledge to reduce corruption and heavy-handed local government will crest at the polls . 
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health . 
Alongside the old problems of a non-convertible currency and an inpenetrable bureaucracy , Western business executives must now grapple with new complexities linked to perestroika , the restructuring of the Soviet economy . 
The Soviets hope a trade agreement would give them Most-Favored Nation status , which would lower the tariffs on Soviet exports to the U.S. . 
I think re-enactments stink . '' 
As a result , the insurance market plans new measures to restrict the ability of syndicate officials to leave years open . 
Take Your Vacation In a Hurricane Area 
Mr. Brissette will remain a Canonie board member and will be a consultant to the company . 
There has been a lot of talk that a large portion of the Colombian economy is sustained by the laundering of drug money . 
People in the automotive business disagree over how susceptible younger Americans are to brand switching . 
Colombia 's judges launched a 72-hour strike to press security demands following Tuesday 's murder of a High Court justice in Medellin . 
There 's contract revenue from { limited research and development } partnerships . 
American Suzuki 's previous agency , Keye\/Donna\/Pearlstein , did n't participate . 
Merrill Lynch & Co. touted Georgia-Pacific , Louisiana Pacific Corp. and Willamette Industries Inc. as the best post-quake plywood plays . 
Thus , even investors who are pushing for the board to do a recapitalization that would pay shareholders a special dividend and possibly grant employees an ownership stake acknowledge that the unions are key . 
In light of the poor results recently , he says , the agency is adopting an `` attitude of flexibility . '' 
Also participating in the issue was Servifilm Spain Cinematografica S.A . 
Prices for general-purpose PVC resin have dropped more than 15 % since last December , he said . 
In terms of days lost on the job , the study estimated that each affected employee loses about 16 work days a year because of stress , anxiety or depression . 
Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year-earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million . 
Mr. Maynard 's forces finally defeated the measure , though it took a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives to do it . 
So far , the mega-issues are a hit with investors . 
The Dallas real estate investment trust last paid a dividend on Dec. 31 , 1987 , when shareholders received $ 1 a share . 
There has indeed been more than a one percentage point improvement in productivity growth since 1981 . 
Parts 1 , 2 , and 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , `` The Thin Blue Line , '' and the two other parts from incidental music to two separate dramatizations of the Kafka story of the same name . 
American Medical jumped 1 7\/8 to 23 5\/8 . 
In such an environment , a market maker can absorb huge losses . 
This way , depending on when a quake might strike , priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first . 
`` Although these sorts of bugs are not at all uncommon , the 486 is an extremely high-profile product , '' said Mr. Slater , the newsletter editor . 
Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room and board and an 8 % annual investment return . 
At the same time , personal income was held down by the effects of Hurricane Hugo , which tore through parts of North and South Carolina in late September . 
In late trading , New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 was off 1\/4 point at 98 bid . 
The farmer at the next truck shouts , `` Wheat ! 
At that point , he said , Qintex Australia stated it would `` endeavor to arrange '' the financing . 
`` The prognosis is only fair , '' says Kathie Roberts , administrative director of the Texas Right to Life Committee . 
Watching Congress sweat and grimace through its annual budget labors , fighting the urge to spend more , we 're reminded of those late-night movies in which the anguished serial killer turns himself in to police and says , `` Stop me before I kill again . '' 
They note that most of the new plants will come on line in 1992 , when the current import trade restraint program ends , which could result in more imports . 
Sometimes repairs are out of the question . 
But a committee staff member said the panel is unlikely to pursue closely the role of the senators . 
Even Drexel is pulling back . 
Other projects look for offenders among waiters who get cash tips , people who engage in large cash transactions , and people whose returns show they sold a home for a profit without reinvesting the capital gain in another home by the end of the same year ; the gain must be rolled over within two years to defer tax . 
In states that raised the speed limit on rural interstates , the fatality rate rose about 18 % to 1.7 deaths per 100 million miles traveled between 1986 and 1988 . 
The French analysis goes further . 
Your Sept. 27 page-one article `` Charleston Lost Quite a Lot to Hugo , Especially Gentility '' leaves the impression that the storm was little more than an inconvenience . 
Japan 's Daiwa Securities named Masahiro Dozen president . 
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission . 
The case strikes at the corporate image of GE , which provides the military with everything from jet engines and electronic warfare equipment to highly classified design work on the Strategic Defense Initiative , and could cause a loss of future defense contracts if Pentagon and Justice Department officials take a tough stance . 
But then , even a great many words could n't summarize the extraordinary pull of this movie about an orphaned bear who adopts a parent . 
In addition , changes in short interest in some stocks may be caused by arbitrage . 
`` Mega or non-mega , we feel the prospectus standards need to be considerably improved , '' he says . 
Consider Oil of Olay , which P&G acquired as part of Richardson-Vicks International in 1985 . 
For Warner , meanwhile , it gives the company a second young partner with a finger on the pulse of the hottest trends in the music business . 
James Earl Jones and Mario Van Peebles carry out a bitter intergenerational dialogue between two black men . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.47 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.27 % 90 days ; 8.08 % 120 days ; 7.98 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days . 
Not mentioned were the 50,000 people rendered homeless , and the more than 200,000 out of work for an indeterminable period ; the $ 1 billion-plus in losses to homes and personal property on the barrier islands ; the near - and long-term impact on the state 's largest industry , tourism , not to mention the human suffering . 
But `` they were n't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it . '' 
The unit has 30 employees in four California offices , the company said . 
Minpeco attorney Thomas Gorman decribed the plan as one step toward an overall settlement of the W. Herbert Hunt case but Hugh Ray , attorney for Manufacturers Hanover , called it `` silly '' and said he would fight it in court . 
Still , Mr. Auvil points out , Grannies became popular without big , red looks , so why not Fujis ? 
After the collapse of the last effort , the group does n't plan to make any formal proposal without binding commitments from banks covering the entire amount to be borrowed . 
f - As of Wednesday 's close . 
Portfolio managers say sweeteners like equity kickers and stricter protective covenants may increasingly be required to sell junk-bond deals . 
New , efficient and sophisticated processes make it easier for smaller , less cash-rich companies to make steel at a fraction of what Big Steel paid decades ago . 
The cash injection boosted Zeta 's capital more than four-fold , to 8.47 billion pesetas from 1.82 billion pesetas , greatly enhancing the group 's ability to make investments , Zeta officials said . 
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said . 
The United Kingdom reports came from Dr. Patrick Toseland , head of clinical chemistry at Guy 's Hospital in London . 
Those duties had been held by Van Pell , 44 , who resigned as an executive vice president . 
Tennessee Valley Authority -- A $ 4 billion , three-part offering of power bonds priced through an underwriting group led by First Boston Corp . 
Mr. Baker seems especially sensitive to the Washington ailment known as Beltway-itis . 
The $ 6.07 billion increase was the strongest weekly inflow since January 1988 . 
And , in a sense , that 's the kind of task individuals face in deciding what to do about stocks -- the mainstay of most serious investors ' portfolios . 
A substantial warming would melt some of the Earth 's polar ice caps , raising the level of the oceans and causing widespread flooding of heavily populated coastal areas . 
At General Dynamics , factors reducing earnings in the military aircraft segment included higher levels of cost-sharing in development of the Advanced Tactical Fighter , and the high cost of an advanced version of the F-16 fighter . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Under the rescue plan , Waertsilae sold 51 % of its stake to a group of banks and pension funds . 
But other than a few slaps on the wrist , Gen. Noriega went unpunished by that body , too ; he was not even singled out in the closing statement . 
Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans , its president and chief executive , and Roger Kimmel , a director , both resigned . 
Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output or earnings , and company officials were n't available . 
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders . 
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why . 
Though I 've been blessed with academic degrees and some success in the materialistic world , I 've never forgotten or lost contact with those memories of the 1930s . 
Alan D'Agosto , president of Panda 's Inc. , an operator of Arby 's restaurants in Omaha , says : `` All we 're doing is keeping the customers coming , but we are n't increasing sales . '' 
First and foremost , the vignettes presented by the various scientists represent a general consensus among specialists working in the respective aspects of the global environment . 
Despite the problems with new issues , high-yield bonds showed gains in the secondary , or resell , market . 
Gives me the willies just thinking about it . 
In fact , a sister company , Daewoo Shipbuilding and Heavy Machinery , plans to build 240,000 minicars by the mid-1990s . 
An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not . 
Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich . 
Personal space ( Figure 3 ) has grown 35 % annually over the course of the decade , a performance that would compare positively with an investment in , say , synthetic-leather products for the interiors of cold-weather vehicles , which my cousin got into and sort of regrets to this day . 
Not even Jack Lemmon 's expert doddering makes this trip worth taking . 
The administration officials do n't ordinarily meet with the entire membership of the open market committee . 
The offering will be dated Oct. 31 and mature Oct. 31 , 
-- Arnold J. Zarett . 
A federal judge has issued a preliminary injunction against the purchase because of Federal Trade Commission concerns that the transaction would reduce competition in the production of two kinds of rivets . 
`` It 's a major issue , and they would n't want to leave it at a lower level , '' says Stephen Glazier , a New York attorney whose writings have been instrumental in pushing the idea that a president already has a line-item veto . 
And there 's more . 
The government will try to sell all the real estate managed by the Federal Asset Disposition Association in one fell swoop , said William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . 
But Lincoln Center President Nathan Leventhal , who would head a Dinkins transition team , is more mainstream , as is real-estate executive Anthony Gliedman , another insider . 
`` The most frequent use is home improvement , which presumably improves the value of the property , '' Mr. Durkin says . 
ABC says it is aware of the producers ' action , but the mailing was sent without the network 's blessing . 
Mr. Rey bought a controlling stake in Inspectorate for 18 million Swiss francs in 1982 , building up the little-known engineering company with European and U.S. acquisitions . 
But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement . 
Emerson Electric Co. and Robert Bosch G.m.b.H. said the Federal Trade Commission has requested additional information from the two companies about their announced intention to acquire Vermont American Corp. for $ 40 a share , or about $ 440 million . 
The Weston , Mass. , utilities and marine-transport concern said results for the third quarter , usually a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by higher gas sales and the May 1989 acquisition of Water Products Company . 
`` We had lots of internal debate about this one , '' concedes Tadahiko Fukuyama , a senior public-relations official . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , MCA rose $ 1.50 to $ 64 . 
`` People will learn to be more circumspect . 
Mr. Glazer expects Xerox to experience tough sledding , though , in financial services because of rate pressures and uncertainty surrounding tax treatment of capital gains . 
MiniScribe said it expects to begin full volume production of the drives in the U.S. and Singapore in the first quarter next year . 
Sharon , based in Farrell , Pa. , filed for protection from creditors under the federal Bankruptcy Code in April 1987 . 
Also , the soil in the Valley is solid , unlike the landfill of San Francisco 's downtown Marina District , which was hit with fires and vast destruction . 
The massages last 15 minutes and typically cost about $ 10 . 
Last year 's series , broadcast by General Electric Co. 's NBC , was the lowest-rated Series in four years ; instead of featuring a major East Coast team against a West Coast team , it pitted the Los Angeles Dodgers against the losing Oakland A's . 
The spacecraft 's five astronauts are to dispatch the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on an exploratory mission to Jupiter . 
Foresight 
Mr. Locke teaches English and comparative literature at Columbia University . 
Whatever may be the problems with this system , it scarcely reflects `` zero risk '' or `` zero discharge . '' 
An experimental vaccine can alter the immune response of people infected with the AIDS virus , a prominent U.S. scientist said . 
But even those numbers do n't describe the situation as well as the athletes do in their own words . 
That way , they figure , someone else has an even stronger motivation to make sure the deal is going to work , because they would be losing their money before the banks lost theirs . 
But others think property owners ought to pay a higher portion of the state 's earthquake relief tab . 
STOCKS AND BONDS SURGED on the second anniversary of Black Monday as a favorable inflation report prompted speculation of lower interest rates . 
`` The sense is we would never be in a position again where everything works for us the way it did before , '' says Rod Eddington , Cathay 's commercial director . 
The second hotel , to be called the Budapest Hotel , is to be constructed at a site even closer to Red Square . 
`` We 've had the Russians and Chinese , and people from India visiting us , '' Mr. Iverson beams . 
`` It was a powerful point in my career , '' says the 31-year-old Mr. MacInnis , who has since taken out a $ 1 million liability policy for his business . 
The sole exceptions are an estimated 30 flights of six hours or more beginning or ending in Hawaii and Alaska . 
The venture is the latest example of the trend toward cooperative projects in Europe ahead of the 1992 deadline for eliminating trade barriers within the European Community . 
But others said pico should proceed . 
Olivetti also plans to sell the CP486 computer in the U.S. starting next year through Olivetti USA and through its ISC\/Bunker Ramo unit , which specializes in automating bank-branch networks . 
The tagline : `` I only asked if she wanted a Jim Beam . 
Eventually , Mr. Stoll was invited to both the CIA and NSA to brief high-ranking officers on computer theft . 
In July , 11 NFL owners , almost all of them new , blocked an effort to install Jim Finks as a replacement for retiring league commissioner Pete Rozelle . 
What defeated General Aoun was not only the weight of the Syrian army . 
The closing , affecting 266 employees , will continue at least until roads are cleared . 
Royal Bank of Canada , Grand Cayman branch ( Canada ) -- 100 million Canadian dollars of 10 3\/4 % deposit notes due Nov. 30 , 1994 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 10.78 % less full fees , via RBC Dominion Securities International Ltd . 
If this were 1949 , Mr. Boren might even succeed . 
Union Pacific Corp . third-quarter net income fell 17 % . 
Not even all the brokerage firms see clear sailing ahead . 
Shortly after announcing its quarterly loss , USAir 's stock tumbled $ 3 a share . 
Like Foothills , TransCanada 's Polar Gas consortium plans to build a pipeline directly south from the Mackenzie River delta in Canada 's western Arctic with an initial capacity to transport 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas daily . 
Arkla said its initial offering of 18 % of Arkla Exploration Co. is expected to result in a net gain of about $ 90 million , which will be used to pay down Arkla debt . 
William C. Ballard Jr. , 48 years old , was elected a director of this distilled beverages concern , expanding the board to 11 members . 
The impact on the insurance industry `` will be big and harsh , but less than { Hurricane } Hugo , '' says Mr. Byrne , who toured the Bay area by car yesterday afternoon to get a sense of the company 's exposure to the earthquake . 
This is no longer true because of Campeau 's massive debt load . 
While not as brand loyal as in the past , consumers today do n't buy products capriciously , either . 
As part of the agreement , Mr. Gaubert contributed real estate valued at $ 25 million to the assets of Independent American . 
And three years later , in a sea of red ink , the heroes can find themselves with a lot of explaining to do . '' 
Unilab said its wholly owned MetWest Inc. unit paid $ 25 million in cash , provided $ 30 million in notes and $ 30 million in preferred stock to acquire Central 's labs in the Western U.S. . 
But two-thirds of all poor Americans were white . 
The chains include Bloomingdale 's , owned by Campeau Corp. , Toronto ; Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's , owned by B.A.T Industries PLC , London ; and B. Altman & Co. and Sakowitz Inc. , owned by Hooker Corp. , which is now being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator . 
The new nonstop flights , starting next May , will include Chicago-Warsaw , Chicago-Helsinki , Miami-Madrid , Dallas-Barcelona , a second daily Chicago-Paris flight and a second daily Chicago-Manchester flight , the officials said . 
The Catastrophic Coverage Act would add a stop-loss provision next year to limit the maximum beneficiaries must pay for doctors . 
Bankers Trust New York Corp. , as expected , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.42 billion , or $ 17.39 a share , following its $ 1.6 billion boost in reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries . 
The boys with the white elephants on their sleeves might not have made the earth move much , but they certainly did some impressive things with baseballs . 
In the `` technical correction '' of two years ago , they lost a whopping 22.6 % . ) 
`` They lost the entertainment crown , and they needed one . 
`` This is clever , subliminal advertising that really says , ` Smokers have rights , too , ' '' says Al Ries , chairman of Trout & Ries Inc. , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing strategy firm . 
However , analysts expect the Fed to buy Treasury bills that were auctioned yesterday in the secondary market . 
One ad shows a bright red jacket paired with a black leather skirt . 
News of the halt comes amid growing anger in the Ukraine and Byelorussia over continuing high levels of radiation from Chernobyl . 
Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share . 
Nothing stirred the soul of Ronald Reagan and his disciples as much as the crusade to aid Nicaragua 's Contra rebels , or the dream of building a space-based defense shield to knock out Soviet nuclear missiles . 
Power failures kept just seven of its 1,500 automated-teller machines off-line . 
San Jose and several other California cities mounted major campaigns during the summer to woo the group , which was founded last June by seven electronics concerns . 
He begins his seven-year term Nov. 9 , succeeding Kenan Evren . 
Nor does it cover the entire portfolio . 
At a June EC summit , Mrs. Thatcher appeared to ease her opposition to full EMS membership , saying Britain would join once its inflation rate fell and the EC liberalized capital movements . 
The tentative settlement between Gulf Power , a Pensacola , Fla. , electric company , and federal prosecutors would mark the end of one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co. in the past year . 
It is in the Western interest to see Mr. Gorbachev succeed . 
At a recent trade show , convention-goers lined up to view a new Specialized bike frame that weighs just 2.7 pounds -- a pound less than the lightest mountain-bike frame on the market . 
`` For Poland and Hungary we need to think about a stick-and-carrot economic approach that would force them to price things realistically in return for removing all our tariff barriers . '' 
The Tempe , Ariz. , maker of underground fuel-storage systems said the most recent period was affected by customers ' problems complying with recent Environmental Protection Agency regulations . 
The downgrade anticipates completion of the IMA Holdings acquisition today , Moody 's said . 
The decline in prices cut broadly through the blue-chip issues , as Siemens tumbled 7.5 to 544 , Deutsche Bank plunged 7 to 657 , and the auto makers fell sharply as well . 
Investment and emigration plans take time to come to fruition . 
Depending on the type of software and peripherals used , the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals ( a role usually filled by a minicomputer ) , as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer . 
This would be a second round of cuts by Mobil , which along with other oil producers and refiners reduced its work force by 15 % to 20 % during the mid-1980s as part of an industrywide shakeout . 
U.S. and Soviet officials hailed the joint project as a new indication of the further thaw in U.S.-Soviet relations . 
Other credit houses , such as Credit Exchange and Solo Credit Service Corp. , are suggesting that their clients study each order before shipping . 
Under terms of the agreement , a K mart subsidiary will soon make a tender offer for Pace shares . 
Darkness fell . 
HASTINGS MANUFACTURING Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents a share and an extra dividend of five cents a share on its common stock , payable Dec. 15 to shares of record Nov. 17 . 
WHY BE A MIDDLEMAN for charitable gifts ? a retiree asks . 
Phil Harms , a software engineer , was an eager customer . 
`` I always thought of this as a thing that could always be done tomorrow , '' he said at the time . 
Trinity Rep meanwhile is one of the nation 's oldest and most respected regional theaters , still hosting an annual `` A Christmas Carol . '' 
In addition , the fall selling season has generally been a good one , especially for those retailers dependent on apparel sales for the majority of their revenues . 
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home . 
But Prince Sihanouk has backed all sorts of ideas over the years , and done rather better by himself than by Cambodia . 
The company has stated in recently filed financial documents that it anticipates refinancing its March 1990 payments . 
Among companies mentioned by analysts as possible counterbidders for Nekoosa are International Paper , Weyerhaeuser , Canadian Pacific Ltd. and MacMillan Bloedel Ltd . 
The text of the `` new policy '' guidelines from the Criminal Division are reprinted nearby . 
On abortion , their own day will come . 
The Senate passed the same bill yesterday , with a veto-proof majority of 67 . 
Motorola is fighting back against junk mail . 
It is estimated that the Patterson group controls more than 40 % of Rally 's stock . 
For the year-earlier period , the company reported a loss of $ 520,000 or six cents a share . 
The role of academic criteria in choosing Berkeley 's freshmen can only decline as a result . 
`` Both sectors of imports and exports look just as bad , '' says Masahiko Kitamura , general manager of Nissho Iwai 's Canton office . 
In addition , British Air officially withdrew its support for the previous $ 300-a-share bid in a terse statement that said `` the original deal is closed . '' 
He declined to confirm or deny reports that Provigo executive Henri Roy is trying to put together a management buy-out of the catalogue showroom unit . 
Nearly one-fourth of participants age 60 and older claim brand loyalty for more than 10 of the 25 products in the survey ; only 9 % of those age 18 to 29 have such strong allegiance . 
But Democratic Sen. Bennett Johnson of Louisiana reminded the little band that anti-Bork blacks and women could furnish the margin to punish them in their next Senate elections . 
Bostik is the first Emhart Corp. unit to be sold as part of the power-tool manufacturer 's effort to reduce debt and consolidate operations after it acquired Emhart earlier this year . 
The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing . 
Speaking of dark nights , the Met 's next-door neighbor , the New York City Opera , has canceled its season after failing to reach a settlement with its musicians , who wanted pay parity with the the Chicago Lyric and San Francisco Opera orchestras . 
My younger daughter and I are fine . 
Fair officials say that 21,000 guests visited during the first five days , a 10 % drop from the spring exhibition . 
Sales rose 13 % to $ 1.91 billion from $ 1.69 billion . 
Mr. Katz adds that people who jump in and out of the stock market need to be right about 70 % of the time to beat a buy-and-hold strategy . 
Mattel Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 73 % , to $ 38 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 21.9 million , or 45 cents a share , a year ago . 
`` But my daughter could n't , until she was too ill to take it . 
The official line was to offer warmer ties to Mr. Krenz , provided he is willing to institute reforms . 
The volatility wo n't end soon . 
Some dealers say other traders were n't picking up their phones . 
Polaroid Corp. , benefiting from staff-reduction savings , reported a strong gain in third-quarter operating results and net income of $ 29.9 million , or 40 cents a share , after preferred-stock requirements . 
The basket products are `` an evolutionary step '' in solving problems in trading big blocks of stock that came to light in the 1987 market crash , said SEC Commissioner Joseph Grundfest . 
Dentsu has U.S. subsidiaries , but they keep low profiles . 
Law-enforcement authorities say that at any given time , a host of fraudulent telemarketing operations mingle with the many legitimate businesses here . 
His election increases Ryder 's board to 14 members . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
Should USX be left with only Marathon , Mr. Corry might well feel pushed to scout out other energy companies . 
The company said it is part of a continuing world-wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries . 
`` For a piece on local heroes of World War II , we can ask people to leave the name and number of anyone they know who won a medal , '' he says . 
Sun also reported a record backlog of orders . 
The report by the Defense Ministry also rejected allegations that Britain covered up evidence of Waldheim 's activities as a German army officer . 
`` I 've always relied heavily on the grid and found it never to fail . '' 
The common view , says Abby Cohen , strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , is that there will be `` mild economic growth , modest profit expansion , and things are going to be hunky-dory . 
An appeals-court panel slashed all but $ 40,000 from the award , the largest ever set by a British jury , pending a reassessment of the damages . 
As the citizens of San Francisco and surrounding communities began assessing the damage from Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , NBC News began assessing the damage from what some said was a failure to provide comprehensive coverage in the earthquake 's initial moments . 
And resorts are adding other amenities , such as pricey restaurants , health spas and vacation packages with a twist . 
Banks , investment and credit firms would be permitted to own land equivalent in value to 50 % of their capital -- currently the proportion is 75 % . 
Early this century , diamond mining in the magnificent dunes where the Namib Desert meets the Atlantic Ocean was a day at the beach . 
Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales , and RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion from the pending , two-part sale of most of its Del Monte unit . 
The exclusion would apply to assets sold after Oct. 1 . 
Mr. Guber says he had crossed out `` MGM '' with a red pen and written in `` Columbia , '' giving the document to Mr. Semel . 
But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz . 
Underwriting does n't get under way until after morning tea at 10 a.m . 
When fully operational , the Guadalajara factory will employ about 1,500 workers and have annual operating expenses of $ 5 million to $ 6 million . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , New York Times closed at $ 28.125 a share , down 37.5 cents . 
They also give those in Congress political credit for bringing home the pork , and so they are popular with such Members as Mary Rose Oakar . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
Then the computers give us more information than we can ever read . 
Black Males 
St. Louis-based Emerson and Stuttgart-based Bosch make electrical and electronic products , including power tools . 
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) helped secure $ 49.7 million for his state , or more than double the Pentagon 's budget . 
`` I 've had no problems performing my duties and responsibilities . '' 
Many of those `` cyclical '' issues are in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which fell 26.23 to 2662.91 . 
Mr. Keating , for his part , has filed suit alleging that regulators unlawfully seized the thrift . 
Its neighbor , the De Young Museum , totaled $ 3 million to $ 5 million in structural damage and shattered sculpture . 
International Technology , an environmental management concern , said the contract includes construction of slurry walls , gas collection systems , a multilayer cap and water treatment plant . 
And if I think that some people { on HUD Secretary Jack Kemp 's } staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown , I have to tell you something -- I 'm not going to take it . 
( True , a succession of Fed chairmen has given color to the notion that the Secretary of the Treasury belongs on the Fed . 
An inflation gauge that measures the quarterly change in prices of an array of goods and services slowed its growth to a 2.9 % annual rate in the third quarter from 5 % in the second . 
In an apparent attempt to keep a lid on short-term interest rates , the Fed once again pumped money into the banking system . 
But operating profit from aerospace products rose nearly 50 % to $ 15 million from $ 10.1 million . 
It also licenses optically based data storage and retrieval devices . 
Junk bond price climbed yesterday despite skittishness in the new-issue market for high-yield securities . 
Motorola 's Austin operation was one of the first to lose patience , deciding a few years ago to junk any bulk mail that was n't addressed to an individual . 
Mr. Drabinsky could n't be reached for comment . 
Big cyclical companies are using `` all the tricks they can to stabilize earnings , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
Besides the Machinists pact , accords representing 30,000 of the company 's engineering and technical employees in the Puget Sound and Wichita , Kan. , areas expire in early December . 
Part of a Series } 
The House , meanwhile , approved $ 2.85 billion to aid in the recovery from the temblor and from Hurricane Hugo as state legislators moved toward a temporary sales-tax increase . 
The volume resulted in dial-tone delays that were as short as 15 seconds and as long as five minutes . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Verit closed unchanged yesterday at $ 3.875 a share . 
And so it seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan , the Washington , D.C. , plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter . 
The switch to London underscores the fact that despite the economic restructuring associated with European Community efforts to develop a single market by 1992 , European stock trading remains a highly fragmented and very localized activity . 
But several other traders contend investors have overreacted to junk-bond jitters , and that stock prices will continue to recover . 
An NBC spokesman says the network will `` closely monitor '' the Sacramento situation , and says it is the only station to defect . 
He said IBM has priced its leases aggressively , thinking that would help win business . 
In an extraordinary mix of cultures and church-state powers , Rep. Robert Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) lectured his fellow Roman Catholics -- including Mr. Florio -- for having the `` chutzpah '' to disagree with the hierarchy of their church on abortion . 
( In other words , after some highly visible dithering and public airing of differences , the administration has come down on the side of those who believe that what we are witnessing from Berlin to Siberia is a good thing to be welcomed , rather than a new thing to be feared or viewed with suspicion . ) 
Harsco produces products for defense , industrial , commercial and construction markets . 
Some analysts are concerned that the mega-issues , in such an unregulated environment , could lead to a mega-crash . 
The house itself , located about 50 yards from the collapsed section of double-decker highway Interstate 880 , was pushed about four feet off its foundation and then collapsed into its basement . 
H. Marshall Schwarz was named chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp. , a private-banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17 billion . 
Lead underwriter to the issue is Toronto Dominion Securities Inc . 
In a modern system , the government 's role is to give the people as much choice as possible and to keep them well informed so they are capable of making a choice . 
All you get is risk . '' 
Mr. Wachter says Mr. Paul was a quick study who worked intensely and bought the best pictures available at the moment . 
In fact , during last year 's campaign , the entire nation constantly heard Mr. Bush tout his accomplishments as head of the Task Force on Regulatory Relief . 
On the Nasdaq over-the-counter system , Allied Capital Corp. , Washington , D.C. , ( ALII ) began trading last Thursday . 
At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice . 
I 'm just numb . 
In any case , the foundering middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or whose troubles provide material for fiction . 
Societe Generale Australia Ltd . ( French parent ) -- 50 million Australian dollars of 17 % bonds due Nov. 20 , 1991 , priced at 101.90 to yield 16.59 less fees , via Westpac Banking Corp . 
In European trading it declined to $ 1.5890 and 2.9495 marks from $ 1.5940 and 2.9429 marks late Thursday . 
Butane and propane can be used as coolants , for example , but are flammable . 
The change will result in a charge of about $ 8.5 million , or 82 cents a share , because of an increase in deferred income-tax liability . 
Alltel , which provides local telephone service in 25 states , said it exercised its right of first refusal following an offer from an undisclosed third party to acquire the majority position in the franchise . 
The segment 's growth was led by sales of the cardiovascular drugs Lopid , a lipid regulator , and Dilzem , a calcium channel blocker . 
`` There are certain bonds traders refer to as ` earthquake ' bonds because the ( issuers ) are on top of the San Andreas fault , '' said Zane Mann , editor of the California Municipal Bond Advisor , a newsletter for investors . 
Sharp says the set of chips could improve fax machines , graphics computers or identification systems that recognize facial features ... . 
Remember them ? 
Failure to pass the bill meant that $ 16.1 billion in across-the-board spending cuts took effect Monday under the Gramm-Rudman budget law . 
With average maturities of a month or so , money funds offer fixed share prices and floating returns that track market interest rates , with a slight lag . 
Afterwards , I went home and practiced for three hours . '' 
The combined value of daily equity trading on the New York Exchange , the American Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ over-the-counter market ranges between $ 7 billion and $ 10 billion . 
You try to maintain your dignity under difficult circumstances . 
An estimated 14.7 million Cray Computer shares will be distributed , Cray Research said . 
Mr. Thomson , a tall , Scottish-born , right-hand hitter , stepped into the batter 's box . 
But he struck out with the decimal system of metric weights and measures the French had invented . 
`` For example , Warner made more than $ 100 million from filmed entertainment in three months . 
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million . 
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 's Jacobs International unit was selected to design and build a microcomputer-systems manufacturing plant in County Kildare , Ireland , for Intel Corp . 
As surely as a seesaw tilts , falling interest rates force up the price of previously issued bonds . 
Disk drives , which allow a computer to access its memory , generated 38 % more revenue in the most recent period compared with the fiscal first quarter a year earlier . 
`` This is the first of many rumors we expect to hear during the sale 's process , '' said a Bloomingdale 's spokesman . 
And there are the twin-deficit Keynesians , who predict\/advocate devaluations to balance trade flows . 
Both candidates are negotiating about holding debates , but Mr. Dinkins is widely seen as the major obstacle for scheduling them . 
( Lavery vs. U.S. . ) 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Franco Reviglio , ENI chairman , looks for sweeping structural change in the oil industry -- he calls it a `` revolution '' requiring huge investments -- as a result of environmental issues . 
Mr. Bush and his aides were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters and Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast , and they clearly do n't want a repeat of those charges now . 
It has gotten a bad rep because its once heavily polluted Cuyahoga River caught fire , because former Mayor Ralph Perk set his hair on fire with an acetylene torch and because its proposed Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame was recently refused an urban-development grant . 
Digital is promising a new approach . 
If Mr. Gates had been allowed to say these things , we would now be hearing about `` discord '' and `` disarray '' on foreign policy . 
The stock fell 3\/4 to 12 7\/8 as 3.6 million shares were traded in the wake of its report that fiscal second-quarter net income fell 66 % from a year ago . 
If indeed Mrs. Thatcher has one opponent that could throw her off political course it is Britain 's mysteriously intractable inflation problem . 
In addition to abetting in the alleged criminal breach of trust , Kwek Hong Png was also charged with dishonestly receiving S$ 500,000 that had been stolen . 
-- Marrill J. Pederson . 
Many investors give Michael Foods about as much chance of getting it together as Humpty Dumpty . 
The fund also might buy and sell futures and options contracts , subject to approval by the New York State Insurance Department . 
The charges are the culmination of weeks of rumors concerning CDL that have depressed the company 's share price and to a lesser extent the shares of all companies owned by CDL 's controlling Quek family , brokers in Singapore say . 
Intel was up 1 3\/8 to 33 3\/4 . 
The troubled West German computer company said , in a statement to its employees , that the number of persons working in product development will be reduced world-wide to 2,440 from 2,888 by the end of 1990 . 
The style throughout bears a strong resemblance to Chandler 's prose at its most pared down . 
In Texas , taxes and development costs are also lower , they said . 
But as an 80 % owner , if it tried to sell much of its stock in the market , it would likely depress the price of its shares . 
The index gained 99.14 points Monday . 
Daiwa said its pretax profits surged 9.6 % to 171.04 billion yen from 156.12 billion yen in the preceding six-month term . 
Kerry P. Charlet will become executive vice president , and retain his positions as chief financial officer and treasurer . 
The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild , and the family 's banking activities focused on London and Paris . 
Some in Arizona think that may be optimistic . 
The researchers , who are being financed by the Lithox funds , will receive a royalty , or percentage of sales , if their research yields a commercial product . 
He said an altered license would be an `` embarrassment '' to teenagers and young adults and would act as a deterrant to drug use . 
It would n't discuss a price . 
Mr. Miller said Chrysler spent an average of $ 1,000 a vehicle on its incentive programs in the third quarter , compared with about $ 450 a vehicle a year earlier -- a `` high-water mark '' at the time . 
On the other hand , the machinists have always opposed majority ownership in principle , saying they do n't think employees should be owners . 
He visited the Hugo devastation but not until after local leaders urged him to do so . 
The Lyneses , of Powder Springs , Ga. , have filed suit in Georgia state court against Stuart James , alleging fraud . 
Analysts say the opposition will struggle this week to unite , and its success will be clear only when it announces its final list of parliamentary candidates . 
There are more than three times as many franchised domestic outlets as there are company stores . 
Also , Mr. Savaiko noted , stock market investors seeking greater safety are veering toward buying bonds rather than precious metals because `` we are tending more toward a disinflationary economy that does n't make gold and precious metals attractive . '' 
Lawyers for Mrs. Marcos say that because she was taken to the U.S. against her wishes , the federal court lacks jurisdiction in the case . 
More than ever , his pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state . 
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom . 
Owners are voluntarily -- and quietly -- turning over properties to lenders through `` deeds in lieu of foreclosure . '' 
That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee . 
Mr. Gorbachev has for months been publicly urging the U.S. to drop its restrictions on Soviet trade . 
Following its failure last month to win a license for one of Spain 's first three private television stations , Zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
Union Federal , a federally insured savings bank , has $ 2.4 billion in assets . 
The gruff financier recently started socializing in upper-class circles . 
The state-owned industrial holding company Instituto Nacional de Industria and the Bank of Spain jointly hold a 13.94 % stake in Banco Exterior . 
`` I 've surrendered to the circumstances , '' Mr. Fedders says . 
In San Francisco , small businesses are urging passage of a local initiative to build a new $ 95 million downtown baseball stadium ; they believe it will spur retail sales and hotel-restaurant business . 
Excluding that bottling business , Coca-Cola Enterprises ' volume , measured by cases of soda , rose only 1 % . 
Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes , he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher 's son . 
Under a 1981 Missouri law , persons accused of some crimes , including trespassing , may offer a defense that their actions were justified `` as an emergency measure to avoid an imminent public or private injury . '' 
Ironically , the person who wants to run his or her own business is probably the active , results-oriented sort most likely to hate meeting the rules and record-keeping demands of federal , state and local regulators . 
It could take six to nine months to handle the earthquake-related claims . 
More than two-thirds of the systems shipped , meanwhile , were products introduced in April . 
Though he also long benefited from the system built by La Quina , Mr. Guzman Cabrera says union perks had simply gotten out of hand . 
ITT Corp. , its insurance business hurt by Hurricane Hugo , reported a 4 % decline in third-quarter net income , despite a 4.2 % rise in revenue . 
Mr. Achenbaum , too , delves into his clients ' business . 
Prices were lower in Frankfurt , Zurich , Paris and Amsterdam . 
Even such a pro-life stalwart as Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) had counseled some kind of compromise . 
NICHOLS INSTITUTE declared a 2-for-1 split of its common stock , payable Nov. 27 to stock of record Nov. 10 . 
Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards , mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways ( abstinence or contraceptives ) of decreasing teen pregnancy ? 
Defaults on Veterans Affairs loan guarantees have quadrupled in the past eight years . 
It works . 
President Bush in June vetoed a measure passed by Congress and said he would n't accept any minimum-wage rise that went beyond limits he set early in this year 's debate on the issue . 
Surplus power would be sold on the open market , Enron said . 
That acquisition , to be completed by year end , will include the Cover Girl and Clarion makeup lines , making P&G the top marketer of cosmetics in mass-market outlets . 
Apple Computer Inc. has doubled its staff here over the past year . 
Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. , Orange , Calif. , and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo . 
Margin requirements for speculators on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange are currently about 7 % . 
In a separate development , a private meeting is scheduled this morning between House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) in an effort to end a dispute which for two weeks has delayed action on an estimated $ 44 billion agriculture bill . 
Some conservatives will accuse the president of promising Congress too much . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Cincinnati Bell fell 25 cents to $ 29 . 
The savings was given incorrectly in Friday 's edition . 
The New York Court of Appeals ruling parallels a 1980 decision by the California Supreme Court requiring shared liability among manufacturers for injuries when it ca n't be determined which company is at fault . 
For Cheap Air Fares , Spend Christmas Aloft 
Anti-nuclear activists have protested the launch of the Galileo space probe to Jupiter because it uses plutonium to generate the electricity needed to run the craft . 
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here . 
Profits realized from these trades would then be shared by the conspiring brokers . 
A few miles past Radzymin , a dirt road narrows to a track of sand and leads into Zalubice , a village of tumbledown farms . 
Cetus is currently trying to obtain federal regulatory clearance for U.S. distribution . 
Madison 's noble and unifying vision of the representative still can guide us . 
The loss , which is 38 cents a share , is the transportation services concern 's first quarterly setback in more than a decade and compares with net income of $ 55.3 million , or 68 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
Within the alliance it is supposed to act as a balancing force , guarding against excessive control by government or abuse of its economic position by business , for either could result in a deterioration of its living standards ( under the new resolutions , workers councils may demand that a cooperative be closed or its prices be reduced ) . 
As part of that attempt , by the American Trade Consortium , Mr. Giffen says he spends a lot of time lobbying . 
For the nine months , Honeywell reported earnings of $ 212.1 million , or $ 4.92 a share , compared with earnings of $ 47.9 million , or $ 1.13 a share , a year earlier . 
T.T. Ram Mohan contributed to this article . 
Characteristically , he did n't waste much time getting started . 
Rep. Smith died in a plane crash on Aug. 13 . 
IRS Revenue Procedure 89-52 describes the reporting requirements . 
Serial bonds were priced at par to yield to 6.90 % in 2000 . 
The fields contain recoverable reserves of 435 billion cubic feet of natural gas and four million barrels of oil . 
Pfizer said third-quarter sales increased 4 % to $ 1.44 billion from $ 1.38 billion . 
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs , but would be subject to tax though no penalty . 
Control Data said it expects its first RISC-based mainframe machine to be introduced next year . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Analog Devices closed at $ 8.875 , up 25 cents . 
But this raises added cost barriers to urban entrepreneurship . 
In addition , cost increases related to fixed-price defense contracts and a $ 10 million charge to reduce the work force of Texas Instruments ' defense-electronics division also reduced net . 
( `` I defy you to come up with one major accomplishment of David Dinkins , '' says Mr. Giuliani . ) 
Stocks also rose in London , while the Frankfurt market was mixed . 
Repeal would generate more in new taxes than the government would lose in increased Social Security benefit payments . 
The House Democratic leadership could seek to waive these restrictions , but the underlying bill is already under attack for excesses elsewhere . 
The Short Term Bond Fund , with an average maturity of 2 1\/2 years , would deliver a total return for one year of about 10.6 % if rates drop one percentage point and a one-year return of about 6.6 % if rates rise by the same amount . 
Congress tightened auto safety standards for gray-market imports after U.S. auto dealers , including franchised foreign-car dealers , complained that they often were blamed when the second and third buyers of such vehicles found that the cars could n't meet U.S. auto safety standards . 
The FT 30-share index closed 11.0 points lower at 1761.0 . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , Comprehensive Care shares plunged $ 3.625 to close at $ 4.75 on volume of 1,177,000 shares . 
ATHLONE INDUSTRIES Inc. said that on Dec. 21 it will redeem $ 10 million face amount of its $ 59.3 million of 15.625 % subordinated notes outstanding , due June 1 , 1991 . 
Allianz 's statement stressed the company 's previously announced position that Paribas 's offer price is too low . 
`` It 's a no-brainer : You do n't have to worry about diversification ; you do n't have to worry about quality , '' says Steven J. Hueglin , executive vice president of the New York bond firm of Gabriele , Hueglin & Cashman Inc . 
About 140 Mayan , Aztec , Mixtec and Zapotec objects , including some of Mexico 's best-known archaeological treasures , were taken . 
`` It 's not like the board can decide '' by itself , Mr. Sells said , adding , `` we 're indifferent to ( the Bass ) plan . 
Sun said some of the growth reflects higher earnings in the oil sands operation of Suncor , a majority-owned Canadian subsidiary . 
`` Noriega played U.S. intelligence agencies and the U.S. government like a violin , '' he says . 
The group controls 795,900 H.H. Robertson common shares , assuming exercise of an option it acquired from Executive Life Insurance Co. to buy 497,400 shares . 
As it turned out , bank employees were n't hurt and the vaults withstood the jolts . 
Loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $ 36.4 million , or $ 1.44 a share , up 31 % from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
There 's also , for instance , the need to be part of the in-crowd . 
As long as we believe that all Americans , of every race and ethnic background , have common interests and can live together cooperatively , our political map should reflect our belief . 
CARTER HAWLEY HALE STORES Inc. , Los Angeles , retailer , annual sales of $ 2.79 billion , NYSE , said nine of its 22 Emporium stores in the area were closed because of water damage , broken windows and fallen displays . 
Rep. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind . ) said he and Rep. Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D . ) are backing away from their proposal to make the Treasury Secretary a voting member of the Federal Reserve panel that sets monetary policy . 
The 13-week bills mature Jan. 25 , 1990 , and the 26-week bills mature April 26 , 1990 . 
The Amex Market Value Index snapped a five-session losing streak by rising 2.91 to 378.07 . 
Mr. Lippens said the volume of shares changing hands has grown significantly since mid-September . 
After losing by fewer than 1,800 votes in the 1981 governor 's race , he has prepared himself methodically for this moment , including deciding in recent years he could no longer support curbs on federal funding for Medicaid abortions . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Ruskin had said that holders of the other 45 % of United Merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares . 
The clinical testing services holding company is based in San Juan Capistrano , Calif . 
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , down 100 from the start of the year and off 8,500 from after its merger and the market collapse two years ago . 
The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985 , according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with Mr. Lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria , Va . 
But if the genes are damaged -- perhaps by radiation , a chemical or through a chance accident in cell division -- their growth-suppressing proteins no longer work , and cells normally under control turn malignant . 
Officials at the Japanese semiconductor maker said the company intends to increase investment in plant and equipment by 10 billion yen ( $ 70.6 million ) , to 90 billion yen , in the year ending March 31 , with the extra funds used to increase production overseas . 
Westinghouse expects operating margins of over 10 % and sharply higher earnings per share next year due to a major restructuring . 
It also marks a `` major commitment to { real estate } development , which we have n't been involved with before , '' said Dale Hanson , the fund 's executive director . 
The Kemper Corp. unit and other critics complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on Tuesday and on Oct. 13 and 16 , and has increased chances for market crashes . 
Traders said a steady stream of bonds was put up for sale yesterday , pushing yields for longer maturities up 0.05 percentage point . 
It was the first management change since film-makers Daniel Grodnik and Tim Matheson took control of National Lampoon Inc. in March . 
Overseas exploration and production results also improved because of additional output from the North Sea Magnus Field , a portion of which was acquired by Sun earlier this year . 
TVA , which operates one of the nation 's largest electric power systems , is a corporation owned by the federal government . 
In addition , New York-based LIN would exercise its right to buy out for $ 1.9 billion the 55 % equity interest of its partner , Metromedia Co. , in a New York cellular franchise . 
Selwyn B. Kossuth was named executive director of the commission , effective early November . 
The fight has turned ugly and , among pilots at least , has shattered the esprit de corps that Mr. Smith worked so hard to build . 
-- Lee Wakeman , vice president in charge of options research who discovered the valuation errors and was asked by senior management to straighten out the mess , resigned to take a position in asset and liability management at Continental Bank in Chicago . 
Mr. Perry , who runs Unilever Group 's world-wide personal-care business , paused to scan the crowd . 
Indeed , the competition is n't greatly concerned . 
I 'm more favorably impressed by `` no-load life , '' even though it turns out to be low-load life . 
Inflation-adjusted social benefits would ensure that the poor and elderly do n't suffer unduly . 
Fluctuation in short interest of certain stocks also may be caused partly by arbitraging . 
`` Since deregulation of the market in 1985 , producers have become much more intensely involved in both transportation and marketing , '' Mr. Maier said . `` 
The agency is preparing a report , to be issued today , on the earthquake 's impact on the property- and casualty-insurance industry . 
Mr. Terra said in the filing that he sold the stock to decrease his position in the Evanston , Ill. , banking concern . 
The company downplayed the loss of Mr. Lesk and split his merchandising responsibilities among a committee of four people . 
Unisys Corp. received a $ 24.4 million Air Force contract for computer programming . 
International Business Machines Corp. unveiled a broad strategy to tackle the biggest problem that manufacturers face when computerizing their operations : Most machines ca n't talk to each other . 
Currently , the company has about 88.1 million common shares outstanding . 
Brewery stocks were firm to higher on talk of early bargain-hunting , but most ended below their peaks . 
But the computer-guided selling in response to those developments dealt a serious blow to the over-the-counter market , Mr. DaPuzzo said . 
Paris loved her at first sight . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3371.36 , off 
The June increase compared with a rise of 10.5 % in May from a year earlier . 
At the core of all this stands a hotel . 
Paramount Communications rose 5\/8 to 58 3\/4 , Time Warner climbed 1 7\/8 to 138 5\/8 , Walt Disney advanced 3 1\/8 to 127 1\/2 , MCA rose 1 1\/8 to 65 5\/8 and McGraw-Hill added 1\/2 to 67 1\/8 . 
In the first nine months , GMAC 's earnings fell 8 % to $ 859.5 million from $ 930.2 million . 
The owners are trying to boost profit in other ways , too . 
Weirton , of Weirton , W. Va. , said $ 60.3 million of the proceeds were used to prepay the remaining amounts on the note outstanding to National Intergroup Inc. , the parent of National Steel . 
Iran 's President Rafsanjani offered to help gain freedom for Western hostages in Lebanon , but said the assistance was contingent on U.S. aid in resolving the cases of three Iranians kidnapped in Lebanon in 1982 or the release of frozen Iranian assets . 
The state agency was particularly vexed to learn that the Rubens and a half-dozen other paintings listed among the bank 's `` furniture and fixtures , '' were actually hanging in the chairman 's house . 
Long-term bonds have performed erratically this year . 
NOW YOU SEE IT , now you do n't . 
Near the coast there are dense coverts of live oak interspersed with marshes and prairies . 
Even that met with Mr. Greenspan 's disapproval because it might subject the Fed `` to a more intensely political perspective '' and `` could risk bending monetary policy away from long-term strategic goals . '' 
( At Harvard , Ms. Bartlett had declared : `` There are going to be problems with safety ... 
The private , non-profit cemetery has had trouble competing against its for-profit counterparts , which use direct mail and other advertising to sell lots . 
`` It 's not the end of the world if you shake them up a little bit . '' 
Perhaps even more offensive is the statement , `` It is surprising that George Bush and the White House inner circle would ally themselves with this crabby philosophy . '' 
In today 's markets , specialists ( on the New York Stock Exchange ) and `` upstairs '' market makers ( in the over-the-counter market ) are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the price-determination process . 
And although the recent turmoil in the stock and junk-bond markets , by making it harder to arrange takeover financing , has eased some of the pressure on Mr. Corry , it does n't end the takeover threat . 
Though not intentionally , the Cowboys ' Mr. Jones has come to represent this new breed of owner . 
Dade County and federal authorities , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil . 
In Paris , Air France declined to comment . 
But as part of the overall agreement , Grumman and its outspoken supporters on Capitol Hill effectively will be precluded from reopening the emotional issue in the debate over next year 's budget . 
American Brands `` just had a different approach , '' Mr. Wathen says . 
By converting an expenditure or loan to a guarantee , the government can ensure the same flow of resources and reduce the current deficit . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
From the parts of the transcript read by Mr. Lang , it was unclear what exactly Mr. Lorin feared might happen . 
Several factors apparently spared the Valley -- a sprawling suburban stretch from San Jose to Palo Alto -- from the kind of impact felt in San Francisco , an hour 's drive north . 
Although the five-year strategy may be excellent , what will be the strategy in 25 years ? 
Odds and Ends 
The discrepancy is somewhat perplexing in that the Syracuse researchers said they based their conclusions on government statistics . 
LAW FIRM NOTES : 
More ominous to SDI supporters , the Bush administration appears to have tacitly accepted a new arms-control proposal from the Soviet Union that spells long-term trouble for Star Wars . 
`` Most people ca n't even remember his name . '' 
Despite all the furor over program trading , program trading played a big role in yesterday 's rally . 
`` I demand the utmost severity in the fight against drug traffickers , '' President Mitterrand said after the meeting in Valladolid , Spain . 
The New York Stock Exchange Composite was 0.4 % lower for the day . 
BANKAMERICA Corp. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue of $ 10.2 billion , NYSE , yesterday had no power at its headquarters , 80 of its 433 Northern California branches were closed and 250 of 750 automatic teller machines were closed in the area . 
Jaguar seems to be losing interest in giving GM a minority stake , said one individual close to the talks , adding , `` It would n't surprise me if { Jaguar executives } want to wait and see what the color of that { Ford bid } is '' first . 
It may also stipulate that the insured must pass another medical exam before renewal ; if you flunk -- which means you need insurance more than ever -- you may not be able to buy it . 
The company just went public earlier this month . 
Mr. Mahfouz began writing when there was no novelistic tradition in Arabic , and he modeled his work on Western classics . 
But the proper remedy , Judge Leval said , lay in a suit for damages , not in an injunction . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to 
`` Because there is a lot more volatility now , if guys see that they can make a quick 10 % or 15 % profit , they 'll take it . '' 
Meanwhile , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the big non-financial stocks basically stood still , easing 0.12 , to 452.23 . 
Miami-based Carnival said the first of the three ships is scheduled to be delivered next month , just in time for the winter tourist season in the Caribbean . 
The Sun concluded that Mr. Pierce is only part of the problem -- and a part that 's gone . 
Prior to a tender offer by A&P for Waldbaum Inc. in 1986 , the founder of the Waldbaum 's supermarket chain called an elderly relative to tell her to assemble her stock certificates for delivery . 
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market . 
In the outfield , Paul Blair , the Orioles ' eight-time Gold Glove winner , elegantly shags a fly . 
Sales gained 16 % to $ 1.03 billion from $ 894 million . 
Jerry Junkins , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said sluggish consumer-electronics sales reduced demand for semiconductors . 
The consensus calls for a 0.5 % increase in September personal income and a 0.3 % gain in consumption . 
The last time Columbia Pictures was looking for a studio chief , they note , Warner released producer David Puttnam from his contract , then took him back after he was subsequently fired by his bosses at Columbia . 
So far no one has . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
He made a special trip to examine U.S. environmental trends because they are often followed in Europe . 
That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion . 
`` Someone must monitor where the funds are deployed , '' says Mr. Dave . 
In fact , Mr. Bush 's dance was more wiggle than waffle . 
He will be in charge of research , equity sales and trading , and the syndicate operation of Rothschild . 
Fiat S.p . A. , Italy 's leading industrial group , is conducting `` concrete '' talks with West Germany 's Daimler-Benz AG on a series of projects in the aerospace sector , Fiat officials said . 
The judge in the jury trial said there was insufficient evidence to hold Ford liable in the case . 
No wonder all kinds of big-time scams have flourished here , from phony tax-sheltered Bible sales to crooked car dealers to bogus penny-stock traders . 
Among steel shares , NKK rose 19 to 705 yen ( $ 4.97 ) a share , and Nippon Steel gained 17 to 735 . 
Alberto M. Paracchini , currently chairman of BanPonce , will serve as president of the bank holding company and chairman of the subsidiary . 
Ms. Malcolm had Mr. Masson describing himself as `` an intellectual gigolo . '' 
In either case , ask yourself whether you have become better informed on the issues under protest by watching the act of civil disobedience . 
Lorne Slotnick , vice chairman of the Southern Ontario Newspaper Guild , the union representing the workers , said Thomson made significant concessions in the final round of talks . 
One of its wells , in southwestern Oklahoma , is a `` rank wildcat , '' a risky well where oil previously has n't been found . 
This pill automatically expires after three years unless continued by a vote of the shareholders . 
K mart previously had announced it would report its third consecutive decline in quarterly earnings for the period ended yesterday , the same day the real estate deal was completed . 
The company continues to trade in the over-the-counter market with an exception to listing requirements . 
`` We believe that every drug that 's marketed to a consumer should have a consumer label , '' said Douglas Teich of the Public Citizen Health Research Group , a Ralph Nader affiliate . 
Liberals are the faction that says , Give peace a chance ; now they are saying Mr. Ortega should give them a break , lest the conservatives ask them to vote for bullets instead of bandages . 
As it happens , Arthur D. Little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone depletion and global warming theories . 
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. . 
`` Who can make the better decision , the guy who has 10 seconds to decide what to do or the guy with all the time in the world ? '' he says . 
Investors now are awaiting today 's release of the preliminary estimate of third-quarter gross national product . 
The company supplies drives to Compaq and Zenith Data Systems , the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops , and to Toshiba Corp. , NEC Corp. and Sharp Corp. , the leading Japanese laptop makers . 
Taken by surprise , the Socialist Party is busy changing its doctrines . 
The space shuttle Atlantis landed at a desert air strip at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif. , ending a five-day mission that dispatched the Jupiter-bound Galileo space probe . 
Meanwhile , the National Association of Manufacturers said yesterday a recent poll of 53 executives on its board found that 61 % do n't expect a recession to occur until 1991 or later . 
Hanshin Electric Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 2 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd . 
But previous sales have often been sales of shares purchased through the exercise of stock options and sold six months later , as soon as allowed , said Robert Gabele , president of Invest\/Net . 
But the FHA program is hemorrhaging bad loans . 
His new stake would be in the form of preferred shares , which receive higher dividends but have voting rights only in extraordinary shareholders assemblies . 
The statistics follow a year-on-year rebound in consolidated and unconsolidated results in the full fiscal year ended in March 1989 , recovering from dismal results in the prior fiscal year as a result of the October 1987 stock market crash . 
UPJOHN Co. reported that third-quarter net income rose to $ 96 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 89.6 million , or 49 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Cray jolted the market in July when it slashed revenue and earnings projections for this year , citing a slowing economy that has delayed orders from government as well as commercial customers . 
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three . 
He was referring to the `` absolutely extraordinary '' events in Eastern Europe , and it is a defensible position . 
The most likely reason for this disparity is that the Bank of England was a private bank with substantial earning assets , and the common-law rights of creditors to collect claims against the bank were well established in Britain . 
( A ratings point represents 904,000 television households ; shares indicate the percentage of sets in use . ) 
Fujitsu said it issued the low bid because it wanted a foot in the door of a potentially lucrative market . 
Still other projects that have been announced but not yet started could put expenditures above $ 3 billion over the next few years . 
The Division expects that the prosecutor will announce these principles either at the time the indictment is returned or , at the latest , at the first proceeding before the court concerning the TRO . 
Moreover , the amended pact shows how McCaw 's persistence has pushed LIN and BellSouth into a corner , forcing huge debt on the proposed new company . 
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions . 
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said . 
If the CIA has become a protection service for Mr. Noriega , the American people ought to know . 
$ 10 billion of two-year notes . 
Reinsurance is protection taken out by the insurance firms themselves . 
Congress sent to Bush an $ 8.5 billion military construction bill that cuts spending for new installations by 16 % . 
Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have been trying to amass 15 % stakes in Jaguar . 
The OAS , which tries to promote peace and economic development within the Americas , is attempting to find a settlement of the current Panama political crisis . 
But though a weakening economy implies reduced demand , Mr. Kaiser said that Third World copper-producing countries have n't any choice but to sell copper . 
Two of the major ways that tax-writers managed to attain these ends were to scrap the preferential treatment of capital gains and to curtail the use of paper losses , also known as passive losses , that made many tax shelters possible . 
Its earnings can rise 10 % to 12 % annually simply from the natural turnover of tenants and automatic rent increases , says Graeme McDonald , an industry analyst at James Capel Pacific Ltd . 
But in the months since then , while trying to drum up support for other issues -- such as an anti-flag-burning constitutional amendment -- he has shied away from talking about abortion . 
But supporters argue that grounding an airline is so drastic that the department would hesitate doing it . 
Many computer network users who never see news wires would like to sort through their electronic mail automatically . 
CalMat Co. said it completed a $ 32.8 million sale of assets from its Los Angeles area real estate portfolio for net income of $ 12 million . 
Profit rose 38 % at American Express Information Services to $ 21.6 million . 
The board expands to seven members . 
Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May and should be completed in April 1992 . 
`` It 's distracting attention from serious issues , like how to make DEA , FBI and Customs work together '' on drug enforcement . 
In fact , Ms. Volokh was n't just a rich lady who needed a hobby . 
Poughkeepsie said it is continuing to try to sell itself , under a June agreement with a dissident-shareholder group . 
He gives pep talks in periodic `` family briefings '' beamed internationally on `` FXTV , '' the company 's own television network . 
Parsow Partnership Ltd. and Elkhorn Partners L.P. said they may seek proposals from third parties relating to a sale or restructuring of CACI International Inc . 
Although Axa has been rebuffed by Farmers and has n't had any meetings with management , Mr. Bebear nonetheless appears to be trying to woo the company 's executives with promises of autonomy and new-found authority under Axa . 
NEW BEER : 
And they eyeball types of risk that are not easily quantified . 
And while customers such as steel service centers are continuing to reduce inventories through the fourth quarter , they eventually will begin stocking up again , he notes . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
It 's the most stunning example of Las Vegas 's concerted effort to transform itself into a world-famous vacation resort for families as well as gamblers . 
Excerpts follow : 
Last week the stock hit an all-time high of 37 1\/4 before getting roughed up in the Friday-the-13th minicrash . 
Maryland National Bank 's retail finance division will continue to service the loans . 
`` It 's a tremendous disappointment , '' said Janet Hathaway , an attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council . 
JROE : 
The dispute between Eastern and its pilots is over a `` pay parity '' clause in the pilots ' contract . 
`` If the { Tennessee Valley Authority } sale is any guide , there appears to be good demand for top-quality , long-term paper from both domestic and overseas accounts , '' he said . 
-- The Treasury wisely has refused , but has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or debt-service reduction or new loans ( the Brady Plan ) . 
But Mr. Keller said that , if computers can be integrated into the process , they could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred . 
I saw neither . 
Now Mr. Gonzalez is holding the equivalent of reconfirmation hearings anyway , under the guise of the Lincoln investigation . 
He is ogling the curtains rippling above the ventilation ducts . 
In the end politics got in the way . 
Some Wall Street firms monitor for recordkeeping purposes . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Unable to persuade the manager to change his decision , he went to a `` company court '' for a hearing . 
The new facility is expected to begin operations in early 1991 . 
But once a franchisee agrees to a promotional program , the franchiser can demand full participation to the very end , says Lew Rudnick , a principal of Rudnick & Wolfe , a Chicago law firm with franchise industry clients . 
Many officials are also concerned about companies getting a `` free ride '' on government-sponsored research . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Sperry merged with Burroughs Corp. to become Unisys Corp. in late 1986 . 
Higher oil prices were n't enough to offset a roughly $ 20 million charge related to a 10 % reduction in Amoco 's Canadian work force as well as increased exploration expenses . 
Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide named Mr. Achenbaum , 62 , vice chairman of professional services , reporting directly to Carl Spielvogel , chairman and chief executive officer . 
In the nine months , IBM earned $ 3.17 billion , or $ 5.43 a share , down 8.4 % from the year-earlier $ 3.46 billion , or $ 5.83 a share . 
The product will be distributed by Pitman-Moore Inc. , a subsidiary of International Minerals . 
The 40-year old Mr. Pope has n't changed jobs enough -- at least the right ones -- to stash away that kind of money . 
Meanwhile , the many organizations inside the country that back the ANC are taking the opportunity to regain their strength and mobilize their supporters even though the state of emergency , which has severely curtailed black opposition , remains in force . 
People familiar with Monday 's board meeting said it was the state 's refusal to explicitly reaffirm the credit guarantees that led Union Bank and Postipankki to halt lending to Waertsilae Marine . 
Mr. Turner said the test will be shipped in 45 days to hospitals and clinical laboratories . 
Before good will , Overnite Transportation earnings fell 11 % to $ 15 million , Union Pacific said . 
Four former Cordis Corp. officials were acquitted of federal charges related to the Miami-based company 's sale of pacemakers , including conspiracy to hide pacemaker defects . 
The nation 's largest software company earned $ 9.6 million , or five cents a share , compared with $ 28 million , or 16 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The Afrikaner must end his reliance on others . '' 
Utilities management is a major commercial niche . 
Among other provisions , the NIH guidelines would prohibit researchers and members of their immediate families from holding stock in any company that is affected by the outcome of their research . 
Thomas E. Lovejoy Assistant Secretary for External Affairs Smithsonian Institution 
Nicholas Brady , the incumbent treasury secretary , is of course aware of the proposal , and he does n't like it much . 
In addition , the company has made it tough on competitors by offering a stream of desktop computers at sharply lower prices . 
Tuesday 's earthquake brought the San Francisco ad scene to a screeching halt yesterday , with only a few staffers showing up at their offices , mainly to survey the damage or to wring their hands about imminent new-business presentations . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose 1\/8 point . 
In New York , a spokesman for American Brands would n't comment . 
Nearly 6.3 million shares , or about 11.5 % of the company 's shares outstanding , changed hands in Big Board composite trading . 
Neal Litvack , marketing vice president for Fidelity Investments , said inflows Friday into Fidelity 's Spartan and Cash Reserves money-market funds were about twice normal levels , with about half coming from equity and junk-bond funds . 
Explosions shook a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , hurling debris and causing a fire visible from 10 miles away . 
Its securities have been dubbed `` bailout bonds '' by traders . 
An Air France spokeswoman said , `` we 're absolutely ready to study all solutions . '' 
The study also said each federal court should set strict time limits for the pretrial exchange of documents and evidence , ranging from as much as 100 days for cases in the fast track to as much as 18 months for complex disputes . 
It may stand as a metaphor for how wide and deep the divisions in that society continue to be however we try to deny their existence . 
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board . 
NEW ACCOUNT 
It is what lawyers call `` fact intensive . '' 
This cushion could come in handy if GM has to trim fourth-quarter North American production schedules more than the already scheduled 9.5 % . 
Manufacturers ' shipments rose 0.3 % in August following two months of declines . 
Currently in the middle of a four-week , 20-city tour as a solo pianist , Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers , equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone . 
The telephone number for the charity in Shelton , Conn. , has been disconnected , and the former officials could n't be located . 
But in private meetings yesterday , Budget Director Richard Darman argued that only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources . 
`` Investors , '' he adds , `` are getting religion . '' 
U.S. Memories needs a catalyst , he said , to inspire others to join . 
Carrying the new message on the road , Mr. Straszheim meets confrontation that often occurs in inverse proportion to the size of the client . 
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.16 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.96 % 180 days . 
The analysts argued that Georgia-Pacific 's offer , the first hostile bid ever among major players in the paper industry , ends the unwritten taboo on hostile bids , and will push managements to look closely at the industry 's several attractive takeover candidates . 
Still , its edge is lost . 
Chimanbhai Mehta , a parliamentarian and former Gandhi ally , predicts Congress ( I ) will win only 150 seats , a quarter of the house , if the opposition fields single candidates in 80 % of the races . 
The ministers , concluding a two-day meeting in southern Portugal , welcomed Moscow 's pledges to cut its military forces , but urged the Soviets to do more to slash short-range nuclear weapons . 
That 's just what happened in the October 1987 crash . 
The measure is scheduled to be taken up by the Appropriations Committee today . 
`` If you 're looking for a significantly higher yield with the same level of risk as a CD , you 're not going to find it , '' says Washington financial planner Dennis M. Gurtz . 
Meanwhile , the Treasury sold $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills yesterday . 
According to one person present at the meeting , Eastern 's new plan is financially `` overly optimistic . '' 
Today , no one gets in or out of the restricted area without De Beers 's stingy approval . 
In addition , the effective interest rate on the $ 410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66 % . 
`` The whole idea here is the automobile and oil companies have joint customers , '' said Keith McHenry , a senior vice president of technology at Amoco Corp . 
At the time , the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at about 2200 . 
THE CASE OF THE FAKE DALIS : 
`` One man said you act as a stimulant , '' a prostitute tells him , `` a diversion to relieve people 's boredom . '' 
But you know about campaign promises . 
In fact , this is the best bargain available to someone traveling abroad . 
Dow Jones industrials 2653.28 , off 5.94 ; transportation 1199.32 , off 11.38 ; utilities 216.49 , up 1.45 . 
As it bids for new agreements , new loans and indeed admission to the civilized world , the Soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem . 
He has put some of his aesthetic ideas into practice with his design of the four-star Quilted Giraffe restaurant -- `` architecturally impeccable , '' Progressive Architecture magazine called it -- and his remodeling of Paul Stuart , the Madison Avenue clothing store . 
The offices are done in hardwood and oriental rugs , leatherbound books and , of course , a $ 12 million Rubens . 
As a group , their cash position of 10.2 % of assets in August -- the latest figure available -- is 14 % higher than two years earlier . 
Everybody was out buying Monets . '' 
`` I 'm buying fabric right now for clothes which I may not be paid for until April or May . 
`` Mr. Semel said absolutely nothing to indicate Warner would have any objection to our assuming management positions at Columbia , '' Mr. Guber says . 
I do n't subsidize anyone . 
After months of internal rumblings , Mr. Ngoc was fired last December . 
They feel the need from time to time to ` educate ' me . '' 
Mr. Conway said the Fox shows appearing on nights when Paramount-MCA shows would n't be offered could be promoted on the programs produced by Paramount-MCA . 
But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money-fund concept , Harry Brown and myself . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Ryder closed at $ 22.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
The last of the measurements reported was in 1985 , but recent conversations with Mr. Scotto indicated that he knew of no recent changes in the trend . 
For those investors who believe -- or fear -- that 1990 will be a recession year , many economists and money managers agree on steps that can be taken to lower the risks in a portfolio . 
Mr. Ridley hinted at this motive in answering questions from members of Parliament after his announcement . 
The ratio , which reflects the number of bids the Treasury receives for each bid accepted , is used to gauge investor demand . 
`` One of the stories of the fourth quarter is that we will get an unusual number of earnings disappointments from companies sensitive to the economy , '' says Mr. Boesel of T. Rowe Price . 
`` It 's assault-weapons politics , '' says John Siegal , Mr. Dinkins 's issues director , insisting there is a strong racist undertone to the Giuliani effort . 
The Canadian government previously said Merieux 's bid did n't offer enough `` net benefit '' to Canada to be approved , and gave Merieux an until mid-November to submit additional information . 
In a declining London stock market yesterday , Jaguar shares were down four pence from Monday in late trading , at 694 pence ( $ 11.11 ) a share . 
The rescue operation will consist of a capital boost for Societe Commerciale of one billion francs through issues of new shares and convertible bonds . 
But the Oct. 17 temblor put a halt to much nonessential building , and heavy rains last week slowed the rest , freeing construction workers for earthquake repairs . 
And the fees investors pay for indexing run a few pennies for each $ 100 of assets -- a fraction of the cost of active managers . 
Through the first nine months , the company had a loss of $ 484 million , largely reflecting the closing of its supercomputer unit . 
`` I think a lot of their businesses are just so-so . '' 
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first-half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe . 
`` If K mart ca n't get its act together in discounting , why is it spending time worrying about other growing markets ? '' 
The fund invests heavily in dollar-denominated money-market securities overseas . 
Lawmakers in Moscow voted to deny the Communist Party its 100 guaranteed seats in the Soviet Congress , meaning Gorbachev and other aides might have to face voters . 
In one garden roomette she implanted a 43-foot square glass cube meant to show off a plaid tile floor conceit , a `` zinc sink , '' a `` huge fishbowl with carp '' and a `` birdcage with cockatoos . '' 
Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8 % , he believes , as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
Meantime , brokers on the Continent are worried , too , mostly by the potential loss of business . 
In another experiment , an elaborate chart with color codes reveals how people 's opinions were shaped -- and how they can be reshaped . 
It is a quick fix for a complex problem . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) , who has been the most prominent Democratic critic of Mr. Bush 's handling of the Soviet relationship , praised the president for arranging the meeting . 
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago-based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Says Mr. Daly , the venture capitalist : `` It does n't matter whether they call it guidelines or policy . 
Markets -- 
Arthur B. Crozier , 34 , an attorney , was named secretary , succeeding John Virtue , who was another of the ousted directors . 
But Mrs. Park acknowledges that even if the policies work to slow or stop speculation , apartment prices are unlikely to go down . 
All administrative rights for the U.S. jointly controlled by both companies . 
Investors also are anxious about today 's `` witching hour , '' the monthly expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks . 
Miss Shlaes is editorial features editor of The Wall Street Journal\/Europe . 
London shares rallied to post strong gains after initial fears evaporated that the California earthquake would depress Wall Street prices . 
What really stirs his muse , though , is aerobic architecture . 
Activity quieted in the New York City bond market , where heavy investor selling last week drove yields on the issuer 's full faith and credit backed bonds up as much as 0.50 percentage point . 
And those who remain , he says `` will demand a higher return and over time raise the cost of capital to companies . '' 
The Dayton , Ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business Dec. 1 . 
In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate `` as a hoped-for goal '' of Telerate 's management `` and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . '' 
But prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at Justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors . 
The switch to the London market during such turbulent times is significant . 
`` The industry will create industrial products such as displays for work stations and medical diagnostic equipment before it acquires a mass consumer market . '' 
As a result , Microsoft 's cost of goods , as a percentage of sales , fell 17 % from the year-ago quarter and 13 % from the previous period . 
When the economy stumbled in the mid-1970s , Akzo NV fell out of bed . 
UAL 's board could reject the new price as too low , especially since there are n't any competing bids . 
Although the second-largest computer maker had prepared Wall Street for a poor quarter , analysts said they were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders and a slowdown in the rate of gain in foreign orders . 
Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include former mayoral candidate Richard Ravitch , former schools chancellor Frank Macchiarola and Messrs. Leventhal and Gliedman . 
A Saatchi spokesman declined to comment about Interpublic . 
At the scheduled time , Mr. Stone entered a conference room in a building near where he worked . 
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80-plus , '' he says . 
The underwriters expect a single-A-minus rating from Standard & Poor 's Corp. , which has the issue under review . 
He said the tie-up would mean Jaguar could `` develop cars down range { in price } from where we are '' by offering access to GM 's high-volume parts production . 
Alfred Sikes , the new FCC chairman , championed deregulation of AT&T at his last job as head of a Commerce Department telecommunications agency . 
To focus on its global consumer-products business , Colgate sold its Kendall health-care business in 1988 . 
Mr. Gras said he expects a definitive agreement between the two companies to be completed in the next few months . 
Estimating that the state may lose $ 15 million a year , officials announced the filing of 15 criminal actions and `` hundreds '' of civil penalties . 
Later they said they fired him , and two directors attempted to place the company under bankruptcy-law protection . 
In the absence of humans , would the Earth enjoy a constant climate over the long term ? 
THE HOUSE votes down a proposal to put pension plans under the control of joint labor-management boards . 
The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading . 
The offerings bring Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.6 billion and its total volume to $ 46.5 billion since the program began in February 1988 . 
Georgia-Pacific has filed a lawsuit in federal court in Maine challenging the poison pill and the Maine merger law . 
But that wo n't suffice . 
Independent estimates of output in those industries , including one by the Department of Labor for banking , suggests that productivity in finance and services appears to have risen by an average of at least 1.5 % a year between 1948 and 1988 . 
And any strong surge in redemptions could force some funds to dump stocks to raise cash , as some did during Black Monday . 
On Friday , Datuk Daim added spice to an otherwise unremarkable address on Malaysia 's proposed budget for 1990 by ordering the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange `` to take appropriate action immediately '' to cut its links with the Stock Exchange of Singapore . 
The $ 472 million of losses State Farm expects from Hugo and an additional $ 300 million from the earthquake are less than 5 % of State Farm 's $ 16.7 billion total net worth . 
Humility Helper 
`` Do n't take this as some big opening for major movement on economic cooperation , or arms control , or the environment , '' he said . 
Daihatsu also has the Fellow 90 , the Leeza Spider and the Hijet Dumbo . 
Real Texans do n't play paddleball , at least I hope not . 
But before import growth slowed , China 's buying spree in the first half already had taken its toll on foreign-exchange reserves . 
The programming division saw a decline in operating cash flow because the year-ago quarter included a $ 12 million dividend from Turner Broadcasting System and because the quarter includes expenses associated with the Nov. 15 launch of HBO 's Comedy Channel . 
In a nondescript office building south of Los Angeles , human behavior is being monitored , dissected and , ultimately , manipulated . 
Guaranteed minimum 6 % . 
The other two portions of the deal are remarketings of outstanding debt rather than new issues . 
To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders . 
GE Chairman John Welch has been `` besieged with phone calls '' complaining about his unit 's program trading , according to a person close to him . 
If Colgate toothpaste offers a tempting money-saving coupon , she 'll cross Crest off her shopping list without a second thought . 
Not all of NASA 's space-science work will be so auspicious , though . 
Computer Sciences Corp. , El Segundo , Calif. , said it is close to making final an agreement to buy Cleveland Consulting Associates from Saatchi & Saatchi 
Some estimates have gone as high as 80,000 members . 
In September , it announced plans to acquire the tropical-fruit business of RJR Nabisco Inc. 's Del Monte foods unit for # 557 million ( $ 878 million ) . 
`` I was feeling like I was too high to begin with , '' he said . 
Poland plans to start negotiations soon on purchasing natural gas from Iran , the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported . 
They simply got carried away with interpreting what the executive order banning assassinations really meant . 
Sales rose 7 % to $ 3.8 billion . 
Stop orders are sometimes called `` stop-loss '' orders because they are frequently used to protect profits or limit losses . 
White House officials were delighted that the compromise includes the concept of a training wage , which Mr. Bush has fought for throughout the year . 
This is the most moving `` Traviata '' I 've ever seen . 
From 1974 to 1984 , prices for the best yearlings at the summer sales rose 918 % to an average of $ 544,681 . 
`` The Japanese take the long view . '' said Mr. Veronis . 
U.S. Deputy Trade Representative Jules Katz replied that the proposal was entirely consistent with the April accord . 
`` More customers may come to us now , '' said James Cayne , president of Bear Stearns Cos . 
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline . 
See that they know company personnel policy backwards and forwards , for it is the `` law '' governing company courts and adjudicators . 
`` I think we are going to see deposit shrinkage continue , unless we see big changes in rates , '' Mr. Ely said . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Stanislav Ovcharenko , who represents the Soviet airline Aeroflot here , has some visions that are wild even by the current standards of perestroika . 
New England Electric values its offer at $ 2 billion and PS of New Hampshire values its reorganization plan at $ 2.2 billion . 
Rep. Edward Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee , is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for computer-driven program trading in hopes that would curb `` turmoil '' in the marketplace . 
But the news was even worse for Sears 's core U.S. retailing operation , the largest in the nation . 
Profit at Sears 's Allstate insurance unit fell 38 % to $ 126.1 million because of Hurricane Hugo , which inflicted the greatest single storm damage loss in the company 's history . 
MONEY MARKET FUNDS : 
This is no place for pedestrians , but at 7:30 on a recent morning , when construction choked traffic at the famous Four Corners intersection to one lane , a taxi passenger found it faster to abandon the cab and walk to her destination . 
The last federal execution before the Supreme Court 's 1972 ruling banning the death penalty took place in 1963 , meaning that the federal government did n't exercise its execution authority for eight years . 
Most short-term certificates of deposit are yielding about 8 % or less at major banks , and the yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction fell to 7.61 % for three months and 7.82 % for six months . 
`` This is one where I cross party lines , '' she says , rejecting the anti-abortion stance of Rep. Florio 's opponent , Reagan-Republican Rep. James Courter . 
Some marketers of surveillance gear -- including Communication Control System Ltd. , which owns the Counter Spy Shop and others like it -- already put warning labels in their catalogs informing customers of the one-party law . 
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait-and-see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign-currency market and New York stocks , traders said . 
It took me a half-hour to move 10 feet from my parking spot in an outer lot to an aisle , and an additional hour to reach an inner roadway a half-block away . 
A year earlier , it had a loss of $ 199,203 or nine cents a share , on revenue of $ 7.6 million . 
London shares closed moderately lower in thin trading . 
In Missouri , those caught drinking and driving between the ages of 16 and 21 may have their licenses revoked for one year , while those 21 or older suffer only a 30-day suspension . 
She will oversee Working Woman , Working Mother and Success magazines , and retain her post as publisher of Working Woman . 
The losers will be those with the least attractive products , and many of them , analysts think , will be foreign companies . 
The first 10 pages of the 76-page Weekly Portfolio Perspective are completely blank , except for the page numbers . 
His Levinson Institute in Belmont , Mass. , has seen in recent years a doubling in the number of executives and spouses at its weeklong counseling program . 
While judges have an obligation under the First Amendment to safeguard freedom of the press , `` the right to deliberately alter quotations is not , in my view , a concomitant of a free press . '' 
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. posted the largest volume increase , 552,302 shares , to 2,157,656 . 
`` Institutions are herding animals , '' says Peter Anderson , who heads the pension-fund management arm of IDS Financial Services Inc . 
Witnesses shout , scream , pontificate : `` ... a dream that the planet could be saved from itself and from the sadistic dumb creatures who try to tear down every decent man who raises his voice . '' 
Fortunately , an aunt with a college degree bought a small farm and moved us 50 miles north to good schools and an environment that opened the world of opportunity for me as an eight-year-old . 
`` Without some real product improvements , it 's going to be difficult to win that loyalty back . '' 
Nearly 1,000 investors responded to the Journal 's poll , providing an in-depth look at their portfolios . 
But in certain conditions such as autoimmune diseases and allergies and transplant rejection , doctors would like to damp the immune response so such cells do n't touch off harmful inflammatory reactions or cell destruction . 
Corporate managers who want to start their own business are the highest failure risks . 
Consumers Power Co. filed with the Michigan Public Service Commission a contract to buy power from the Palisades nuclear plant under a proposed new ownership arrangement for the plant . 
And one of our charges is to be an ombudsman for our area . 
Sen. Pryor ( D. , Ark. ) , a leader on the issue who generally backs the House plan , wants some changes -- for one , separate sanctions for negligence and large misstatements of tax owed , not a single penalty . 
Mr. Dozen succeeds Sadakane Doi , who will become vice chairman . 
The abrupt management change sparked widespread speculation that Mr. Roman had been pushed out of Ogilvy 's top spot by Mr. Sorrell . 
Had the suit been filed in time , they said , `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' would have been suppressed . 
In a generation or two some of the New Crowd may attain true respectability , perhaps to be displaced in turn by a later flock of unscrupulous raptors . 
However , those premiums are usually far smaller than on zero-coupon CDs , and the simpler pricing structure of a standard CD makes it more apparent when a premium is paid . 
The problem has been particularly damaging to the OTC market , traditionally a base for the small investor . 
Nissan concedes that it wo n't recoup all its market-share losses in Japan until at least 1995 , and even that timetable might prove optimistic . 
`` I am staying my own sweet , reasonable self . 
SALES TAX RECORDS : 
Transport giant TNT , which owns half of one of the country 's two major domestic carriers , said the cost of the dispute had been heavy , cutting TNT 's profits 70 % to $ 12 million in the three months to Sept. 30 . 
According to terms , WCRS will pay 2.02 billion French francs ( $ 318.6 million ) for the 50 % it does n't already own of Carat Holding S.A. , one of Europe 's largest media buyers . 
He was executive vice president , director of broadcast production . 
Sales rose 2.2 % to $ 711.9 million from $ 696.1 million . 
Mr. Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 the beheading of Hugo Spadafora , his most outspoken political opponent and the first man to publicly finger Mr. Noriega on drug trafficking charges . 
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 . 
But racial gerrymandering is not the best way to accomplish that essential goal . 
Judge Merhige will make the appointment . 
Some buildings collapsed , gas and water lines ruptured and fires raged . 
The three urban horticulture experts with Cornell Cooperative Extension weighed in with a letter to the BPCA that began : `` We feel that the garden is horticulturally doomed . '' 
Seeking a middle path between opponents of change and radicals who demand overnight solutions , the article advocates what it calls a `` radical-moderate approach . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Polaroid closed at $ 47 , up $ 1.125 . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 60 points after the report 's release , before recovering to close 18.65 points lower at 2638.73 . 
Corn futures prices rose slightly while wheat prices settled mixed . 
Peter Karches , managing director at underwriter Morgan Stanley & Co. , said the issue was oversubscribed . 
The Soviets have agreed to complete a treaty cutting strategic weapons without including restrictions on space-based defenses . 
China 's top film actress , Liu Xiaoqing , paid $ 4,555 in back taxes and fines in Shandong province , the People 's Daily reported . 
The panel rejected a proposal pushed by AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines , to allow the Transportation secretary to block corporate raiders from waging proxy fights to oust boards that oppose a leveraged buy-out . 
Despite the dollar 's lackluster performance , some foreign-exchange traders maintain that the U.S. unit remains relatively well bid . 
Many thanks for Alexander Cockburn 's comic masterpiece ( `` U.S. . Economy : A House Built on Junk-Bond Sand , '' Viewpoint , Oct. 19 ) . 
Another analyst said that , if there was any concern , it was that a strike could encourage other walkouts in Chile . 
Next year , Noxell plans to roll out a perfume called Navy , says George L. Bunting Jr. , chairman of Noxell . 
Net income fell 8.6 % to $ 37.1 million , or $ 1.43 a share , from $ 40.6 million , or $ 1.56 a share . 
At a private dinner Thursday , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. chief executive Frederick Joseph delivered a sobering message about the junk bond market to officials of Prudential Insurance Co. of America . 
`` Our fear was people would look just at the beta { of a gold fund } and say here is an investment with very low risk , '' says John Markese , director of research for the Chicago-based group . 
A professional magician and musician , he heads the Pittsburgh branch of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Aetna closed at $ 60 , down 50 cents . 
Takeover speculation has been rife , its consulting business is on the block , and its largest shareholder , Southeastern Asset Management , has said it 's been approached by third parties regarding a possible restructuring . 
Revenue fell 3 % , to $ 105.2 million from $ 108.4 million . 
Dr. Wyndham Wilson , a cancer treatment specialist at the National Cancer Institute , said the test is widely used in research centers but is n't having a major impact because it is only occasionally useful in choosing the most effective treatment . 
The increase was due mainly to a $ 325 million order from Turkey to equip its fleet of F-16 fighters with Loral 's ALQ-178 Rapport III electronic countermeasures system . 
Sounds great -- or does it ? 
They try to figure out the long-term results the person needs to meet major goals . 
Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in 1986 . 
But within the government and in the think tanks outside it , many West Germans maintain that they do n't want immediate reunification . 
We 're no longer afraid of associating with private or foreign capital , '' he says . 
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district\/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts\/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits . 
She crouched down by the car window and addressed her husband with her favorite nickname : 
`` If apartheid means you want cheap black labor and all the comforts that go with it , but you also want to exclude the blacks from social and political integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
Bolstered by strong performances by its psychiatric hospitals , National Medical Enterprises Inc. , Los Angeles , reported net income of $ 50 million , or 65 cents a share , for the first quarter ended Aug. 31 , up from $ 41 million , or 56 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Tanner had been president of Penn Pacific 's National Southwest Capital Group subsidiary . 
`` People have a different reputation country by country . '' 
Wisconsin Toy has 71 retail stores , primarily in discount settings . 
His client contacts , meanwhile , could prove a gold mine for an agency that has had few new business wins of late . 
Writing in the 1960s Ms. Carson suggested that the human race could be eliminated in 20 years , and Mr. Wald suggested that life on earth might end by 1985 . 
Net in the latest quarter included a pretax gain of $ 22.4 million from the sale of Combustion 's minority interest in Stein Industrie to GEC Alsthom N.V. of the Netherlands . 
International Paper fell 1 3\/8 to 51 1\/2 , Union Carbide eased 7\/8 to 25 , Chevron gained 1\/8 to 64 , and Eastman Kodak closed down 3\/4 to 44 1\/4 . 
Collectors who have made their money on Wall Street have become an increasingly important part of the art business and their money has helped fuel the art boom , but recently it appears Sotheby 's has been returning the compliment . 
The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34.2 % early this month . 
IBM and MCA formed Discovision in 1979 to make laser-read optical products . 
Qintex Australia suffered another setback Friday when its Los Angeles-based affiliate filed for Chapter 11 protection . 
`` Barber was seated by the fireplace looking very pale , '' recalls the violinist , who performed the work with a piano accompanist at the composer 's apartment . 
These benefits seem secure despite China 's current economic and political troubles . 
`` ` Get off your ... , ' he would bellow , '' say the authors . 
Indeed , the earthquake could contribute to a turnaround in the insurance cycle in a couple of ways . 
He suspects some insurers who had purchased reinsurance to limit their exposure to catastrophes will discover that reinsurance was used up by Hurricane Hugo . 
The transaction is part of UGI 's continuing program to shed AmeriGas 's industrial gas interests and expand the subsidiary 's propane business . 
Both companies are conservative marketers that rely on extensive market research . 
Mr. Ngoc , 57 years old , had solid reformist credentials : He had lost his official position in the association in he early 1980s because he questioned the intrusion of politics into literature . 
A year ago , Silicon Graphics introduced a model priced at $ 15,000 -- almost as cheap as mainstream workstations that do n't offer special graphics features . 
Other provisions have a more subtle , but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges . 
`` We must do more to help the Japanese here in Baja if we want them to invest elsewhere , '' says Mr. Ruffo , the governor-elect of the National Action Party and himself a succesful businessman . 
It will require companies to spell out in more detail collateral polices and concentrations of credit risk for all financial instruments . 
This scenario has been the rough position of the U.S. Senate since 1985 , and it reduces the baseline by $ 106 billion between 1990 and 1994 . 
There is likely to be a natural division of labor , says Francois Heisbourg , director of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , with the U.S. more engaged in strategic issues with the Soviet Union , and Western Europe more involved with specific aid measures for the East . 
Regulators , as well , might have quashed the deal if Tiger 's pilots had n't been protected , he said . 
Then , in a boardroom showdown , state-appointed directors voted to file for bankruptcy , apparently under instructions from Finland 's Industry Minister Ilkka Suominen . 
Mr. Rambo says that a 3.2-acre property overlooking the San Fernando Valley is priced at $ 4 million because the late actor Erroll Flynn once lived there . 
It comes down to a question of whether to try to `` time '' the market . 
However risky the business , it 's brisk these days . 
Damage will be `` easily in the millions , '' the company said . 
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion . 
That heavily politicized event learned nothing from the horrifying experience , and seems doomed to repeat it . 
The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks . 
He plans to attach the embroidery to the backs of mink coats and jackets . 
`` At some point , it will become non-economical for one company . 
When the Supreme Court opened the door this year to new restrictions on abortion , Ms. Ehman opened her mind to Democratic politics . 
The tender offer , which surprised analysts because it appeared to be unsolicited , could spark a period of industry consolidation . 
The two groups have been working together since the late 1970s , long before Soviet joint ventures were the rage in the West . 
More than 100,000 claims against Robins are pending . 
The author of the futuristic novel `` 1984 '' invented a language called Newspeak that made it impossible to fully develop a heretical thought -- that is , anything negative about the policies and practices of the state . 
Industry analysts speculated that Mr. Price 's sudden departure may have stemmed from conflicts with Mr. Gatward . 
Saying this is a first for a Western company , West Germany 's largest mail-order group said the newly established Moscow-based Intermoda company is scheduled to begin operations in February 1990 . 
An established brand name is insurance that at least the product will be of acceptable quality , if not always the best value for the money . 
The company said aerospace and defense sales were up 2 % for the quarter to $ 802 million , and operating profit climbed 6 % to $ 61 million , mainly because of improved program performance in spacecraft and advanced-technology contracts . 
Manville is a building and forest products concern . 
There is n't enough . 
`` Let me say there is a symbolic component to this trip , '' Secretary of State James Baker told reporters Wednesday . 
Another agency issue came to market yesterday . 
Allianz 's entry reflects the increasing eagerness of West German companies , looking ahead to the reduction in European Community internal barriers in 1992 , to get involved in what until now were considered internal French affairs . 
Nomura was attempting to organize the 50 billion-yen ( $ 352 million ) borrowing in Japan at a time when many Japanese banks , led by Industrial Bank of Japan , were pressuring the Wellington government to help them recover loans made to a defunct investment bank that had been owned by New Zealand 's civil-service pension fund . 
So , one analyst said , even though the long-term production problems may be easing , there will still be a significant need for copper over the next three months , when inventories will remain relatively low . 
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issued a $ 500 million real estate mortgage investment conduit backed by its 8 1\/2 % securities . 
There are spacious living rooms and baths , plus a master grandparents suite and a foyer for removing shoes to suit Japanese life styles . 
Georgia-Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa helped drive the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 41.60 points , to 2645.08 , in active trading . 
Long-term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher . 
The Senate convicted U.S. District Judge Alcee Hastings of Florida of eight impeachment articles , removing the 53-year-old judge from his $ 89,500-a-year , lifetime job . 
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said . 
An attorney will be able to use the network for an hourly fee of between $ 200 and $ 400 , depending on the quality of the picture , to take depositions from witnesses in any of the connected cities . 
A spokeswoman adds , however , that the group is considering offering `` a behavior-modification course , similar to a smoking-cessation program , to teach people ways to stay with it . '' 
Yields on most fixed-income securities are lower than several months ago . 
To top off the bearish factors affecting yesterday 's trading , late October weather , especially in the Northeast U.S. , continues to be very moderate , leaving heating oil futures trading lackluster . 
Machine tool executives are hopeful , however , that recent developments in Eastern Europe will expand markets for U.S.-made machine tools in that region . 
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows . 
`` On a stand-alone basis , the network ought to make money , '' he says . 
University of South Carolina 
First Fidelity said it boosted its loan-loss provision to $ 50.9 million from $ 20.4 million a year ago , primarily because of a weaker real-estate sector in the region . 
`` Why should you beat your brains out fighting the environmentalists , the neighborhood groups , dealing with traffic mitigation , sewers and fighting city hall , then try to convince a lender to lend you money in an overbuilt market when you can get pension fund money , buy a portfolio , sell off pieces off it and play your own game ? '' says Jack Rodman , managing partner of the Los Angeles office of Kenneth Leventhal Inc. a national accounting firm . 
If it is n't completed , Comprehensive Care said it would be `` required to promptly restructure its debt . '' 
The plan is talking about applicants admitted , not students who enroll . 
The board increased by one to 26 members . 
Amstrad , a British computer hardware and communications equipment maker , eased 4 to 47 . 
Mr. Friend says his side is `` dead serious . '' 
`` I would say he 's definitely not in need of money , '' says Matt Merola , an agent of Mr. Jackson 's based in New York . 
Joe F. Lynch , the 56-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company . 
Air-freight carriers raised their rates for U.S. products going across the Pacific to Asia by about 20 % earlier this month . 
His assumption is that the underlying profitability rate will go up and the capital assets he bought on the cheap will soon be producing profits , thus restoring the market 's faith in them . 
Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette placed the stock on its list of recommended issues . 
Dealers said the market did n't react substantially to Ford Motor Co. 's disclosure to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that it will seek 100 % of Jaguar 's shares outstanding when U.K. government share regulations are lifted at the end of next year . 
But the lot might split into crevasses , so I had better stand on my car , which probably was wider than the average crevasse . 
But internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity-seeking heights , as when it organized a spectacular Yankee Stadium bicentennial rally in 1976 , there actually were only about 2,000 full-time Unification Church members in the U.S. 
Neither she nor other real-estate executives and brokers could project how much less Marina properties might bring , but she said the two-tier price structure would affect prices `` for a while . '' 
Reports by the Office of Technology Assessment do n't prescribe any specific legislative action but suggest a range of options that Congress may pursue . 
The company also reassigned several executive responsibilities . 
Nashua announced the Reiss request after the market closed . 
It also inevitably leaves a residue of shareholder lawsuits . 
`` If any of us think we 're going to sidetrack David 's determination to be the best possible mayor because of his obligations to us , we are making a sad mistake . '' 
`` The team included craftsmen from the shop floor as well as engineering , scheduling and purchasing personnel , '' reports Alan Westendorf , director of quality . 
In an interview , Mr. Thomson , who is married and has three grown children , says he has few ties to baseball these days , other than playing old-timers games now and again . 
But others remained skeptical . 
The $ 99 CD-ROM disk ( it can only be played on an Apple Macintosh computer at the moment ) combines animation , music and sound . 
Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data . 
Hiroshima city officials could n't be reached to find out whether they would drop Fujitsu 's bid . 
But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low-cost but reliable computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy . 
RECENT LAW school graduates are starting jobs with law firms this fall -- and heading back to class . 
Collectors do n't say `` It 's a van Gogh '' anymore , laments Harry Brooks , the president of Wildenstein & Co. , a New York gallery . 
Since leaving Juilliard , Mr. McDuffie has made some smart moves and some controversial ones . 
Mr. Henning is a Chicago-based law firm management consultant and a writer . 
b - Current annual yield . 
ABB Asea Brown Boveri B.V. said it signed a contract for the largest-ever power plant order in the Netherlands . 
But with every step I take , I 'm building wealth . 
It has not , however , made a formal proposal . 
The naming of FCB\/Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1. to cut costs . 
Mr. Bush said that he initiated talks with the Soviets on the informal meeting by sending a proposal to Mr. Gorbachev last July , which the Soviet leader readily accepted . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days . 
Some analysts are cynical about the new corporate interest in health-care overhaul . 
Supermarkets are getting into the variety act , too . 
Wieden & Kennedy , Portland , Ore. , was named to handle the News Corp. publication 's $ 1 million to $ 2 million trade-ad account . 
Mr. Bologna said the sale would allow Gen-Probe to speed up the development of new technology , and to more quickly apply existing technology to an array of diagnostic products the company wants to offer . 
For construction in West Virginia , Mr. Bush requested $ 4.5 million ; Congress gave Senator Byrd 's state $ 21.5 million . 
Hewlett-Packard said it will sell versions later next year that run on Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp. machines . 
The international specialty chemical company 's earnings were hurt by an accrual for stock-appreciation rights that reflected a 19 % increase in the stock price , and higher interest expenses . 
Under the law , Gramm-Rudman 's across-the-board-cuts in federal programs are supposed to be permanent . 
Some analysts are especially wary of credit-card issues . 
PACIFIC GAS & ELECTRIC CO. , San Francisco , electric , gas and water supplier , annual sales $ 7.6 billion , some minor damage to headquarters , undetermined damage to four nearby substations , severe structural damage to a major power plant at Moss Landing , extensive damage to gas lines and electric lines , 400,000 residences without electricity and 69,000 without gas , can not reconnect electricity until it is certain there are no gas leaks , no predictions on when this will happen . 
Industry observers expect a wide divergence in performance . 
The preferential treatment even applies to awarding small contracts under $ 25,000 and consulting and temporary services -- which often go to the smaller concerns . 
The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20 % below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter . 
Guarantee by General Motors Acceptance Corp . 
In his letter to Committee Chairman Glenn Anderson ( D. , Calif. ) , the secretary also said the bill `` would be at odds with the administration 's policies welcoming open foreign investment and market allocation of resources . '' 
The judge , suspended from his bench pending his trial , which began this week , vehemently denies all the allegations against him , calling them `` ludicrous '' and `` imaginative , political demagoguery . '' 
The U.S. , therefore , has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in Somalia and to undo the superpower flip-flop of the late 1970s on the Horn of Africa . 
Had the case gone to trial the same issues would have surfaced : 
An N.V . Philips unit has created a computer system that processes video images 3,000 times faster than conventional systems . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee , unhappy with the carrier 's plans for emerging from bankruptcy-law proceedings , asked its own experts to devise alternate approaches to a reorganization . 
Northeast Utilities raised its bid for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , which is operating under Bankruptcy Code protection , to $ 2.25 billion from $ 1.85 billion . 
In recent weeks Mr. Merksamer has approached a number of his suppliers and asked them to provide letters of intent saying they will continue shipping merchandise to the chain following the buy-out , say those familiar with the situation . 
He has resigned his posts at Triad to take the Kansas Power positions . 
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month . 
The proposed legislation has a laudable goal : to assure the integrity of the U.S. futures markets . 
Venezuela will hold a debt-equity auction Friday , with 32 potential bidders participating . 
A World Series telecast typically carries 56 30-second commercials , but by the fourth game ABC was cramming in 60 to 62 ads to generate extra revenue . 
Excluding Mexico , reserves equal 95 % of LDC exposure . 
Revivals of a different sort also are being offered by our two major theater troupes , the Goodman and Steppenwolf . 
Last Friday the 13th ( as well as two years ago this week ) the markets became unlinked . 
Stock-index funds frequently use the futures markets as a hedging tool , but that is a far less aggressive strategy than stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy and sell big blocks of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from price differences . 
In peak periods that load may include 4,000 pieces . 
General Motors , for example , uses metric terms for its automobile bodies and power trains . 
The result was a world-famous trial exposing profound cultural conflicts in American life between the `` smart set , '' whose spokesman was H.L. Mencken , and the religious fundamentalists , whom Mencken derided as benighted primitives . 
Ingersoll Publications Co. agreed to buy the New Haven Register in a transaction valued at $ 275 million from Goodson Newspaper Group Inc . 
Castle Harlan and Quantum said the plan is expected to be filed within 60 days with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Pittsburgh . 
`` I firmly believe in angels , devils and ghosts , '' says Mr. Warren , whose business card identifies him as a `` demonologist . '' 
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million . 
This well may be the first time that the venerable Rockefeller University has brushed up publicly against the intimidations now common in American science . 
`` Sometimes when people are making big changes , retiring from their jobs , moving to a new area , they lose their bearings , '' says Maury Elvekrog , a licensed psychologist who is now an investment adviser and principal in Seger-Elvekrog Inc. , a Birmingham , Mich. , investment-counseling firm . 
The company attacked the government 's allegations as `` reckless and baseless mudslinging , '' and said its management `` promptly and accurately reported '' to the Pentagon all relevant information about billing practices . 
The prices of cattle , hogs and pork belly futures contracts rebounded as livestock traders shook off fears that the Friday stock market plunge would chill consumer spending , which in turn would hurt retail sales of beef and pork . 
We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be ugly . 
Four Democrats on the House Banking Committee sent President Bush a letter stating their concerns about the expected appointment of James Simmons , an Arizona banker and former fund-raiser for Mr. Bush , to the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corp . 
His initial offer indicated he needed to raise as much as 80 % of the takeover financing through the debt markets . 
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20-year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points . 
We consumers tend to have long memories . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the agreement `` an important step forward in the strengthened debt strategy , '' noting that it will `` when implemented , provide significant reduction in the level of debt and debt service owed by Costa Rica . '' 
State officials said the court 's ruling clears the way for proceedings to condemn buildings in the area . 
These were only two of a series of fabrications that had , in Judge Kozinski 's words , the cumulative effect of making Mr. Masson `` appear more arrogant , less sensitive , shallower , more self-aggrandizing , and less in touch with reality than he appears from his own statements . '' 
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them . 
`` I 'm not going to be stampeded into overreacting to any of this , President Bush told Mr. Apple in this week 's interview . 
Venezuela has also earmarked $ 200 million in new money for light-crude exploration . 
In the lobby behind its nine-story , orchid-strewn atrium , a 20,000-gallon aquarium will come alive with sharks , stingrays , angelfish , puffers and other creatures of the deep . 
That way , Mr. Collins says , `` We did n't have to sell securities in a sloppy market . '' 
Sitting beside a banker at a luncheon in London , where he was working as a financial consultant , he learned that a large packet of Bally 's shares was up for sale . 
Many Arizona real-estate experts think the worst may be yet to come . 
Many lawyers maintain that all 's fair in the adversary system as long as no one tampers with the evidence . 
The organization is scheduled to meet in Vienna beginning Nov. 25 . 
Details of credit enhancements vary widely from issue to issue . 
One intended customer of the new basket product is index arbitragers , according to the exchange . 
That means the fund is n't obligated to pay anything , at least so far . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : Sales : $ 2.06 billions Net loss : $ 1.30 billion \* 
Because a purchaser can use an FHA loan to finance all points and closing costs , the FHA can wind up lending more than a house is worth . 
Increased patrolling of business zones makes sense because urban crime is heavily concentrated in such `` hot spots '' of pedestrian density . 
In my home region , Latin America , much of the existing infrastructure base -- an important building block for development -- has been financed by the World Bank . 
Or political arrangements `` to alleviate the grievances and demands of Soviet ethnic minorities and republics . '' 
`` They ca n't take the hit '' to their earnings , he said . 
After the legislature confirmed him as the Communist Party leader , Krenz said demonstrations to demand democratic freedoms could cause a `` worsening of the situation , or confrontation . '' 
The only extra people were a couple of personnel specialists , one of whom knew Mr. Stone 's case intimately and would help fill in any facts needed to give the court the full picture . 
The Senate voted to authorize $ 4.5 billion for SDI spending in the current fiscal year , but the House , reflecting a dramatic erosion of support for the program , earmarked only $ 3.1 billion . 
MARK RESOURCES INC. , Calgary , Alberta , said it agreed to sell 75 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 63.9 million ) of 8 % convertible debentures to a group of securities dealers . 
The Federal Highway Administration has an emergency relief program to help states and local governments repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters . 
He recalled to the audience a `` strange , infelicitous '' analogy he once heard arguing `` now that we have finally recognized that American blacks have rights , we need to do the same for animals . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : 
Mayhap this metaphorical connection made the BPC Fine Arts Committee think she had a literal green thumb . 
Japan is going on a capital-spending binge that could make its trade surpluses even harder to shrink . 
`` Name-dropping is pervasive and getting more so as society becomes more complex and alienating , '' says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele . 
As of June 30 , it had settled about 15,000 of 81,000 claims filed and its unpaid claims totaled $ 136 million , a large portion of its $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities . 
Jaguar 's American depositary receipts were up 3\/8 yesterday in a down market , closing at 10 3\/8 . 
He charges the city 's critics with spreading `` unfounded emotional rhetoric . '' 
In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve ( buy and sell orders at each price ) entered by dealers and investors alike , and to enter and execute orders . 
The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as interest rate swaps , financial guarantees , foward interest rate contracts , loan contracts , loan commitments and options written on securites held . 
However , operating profit fell 35 % to $ 16.4 million . 
Mr. Courter , by comparison , seems a shadow of the confident hawk who defended Oliver North before national cameras at Iran-Contra hearings two years ago . 
Convex Computer Corp. , continuing its rapid growth while other computer companies falter , reported an 87 % increase in third-quarter net income from a year earlier and a 50 % increase in revenue . 
David W. Lodge was elected vice president and chief financial officer , effective Nov. 1 . 
Even stranger is the case of Usha Rectifier , a semiconductor company with 1988 sales of $ 28 million that 's raising $ 270 million to build an iron plant . 
A similar machine already on the market , made by Rank Sintel Ltd. , a unit of Rank Organisation , costs about $ 500,000 . 
`` California prices were already coming down . 
B & H Crude Carriers Ltd. -- Four million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
A woman who once would have saved for two or three seasons to buy a U.S.-made mink can now get an imported mink right away for less than $ 2,000 . 
The Wall Street firms ' pullback followed their recent blacklisting by several institutional investors . 
According to some who attended , the senators argued that the president should give the Democratic leaders in Congress a victory of their own to compensate them for allowing the president to win on the controversial capital-gains issue . 
`` You 'll start to see shows where viewers program the program . 
While some analysts say the dollar eventually could test support at 1.75 marks and 135 yen , Mr. Scalfaro and others do n't see the currency decisively sliding under support at 1.80 marks and 140 yen soon . 
But going against the grain has never bothered Mr. Andersson . 
He should chop out both unconstitutional provisions and budget pork . 
Whether a trade is done on a dual or non-dual basis , the member said , `` does n't seem to have much economic impact . '' 
So many people fudge on answers about exercise , the president 's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous : It must produce contractions of large muscle groups , must achieve 60 % of maximum aerobic capacity and must be done three or more times a week for a minimum of 20 minutes . 
But maintaining the key components of his strategy -- a stable exchange rate and high level of imports -- will consume enormous amounts of foreign exchange . 
According to a report widely circulating in East Berlin , it was Mr. Krenz who ordered police to stop using excessive force against demonstrators in Leipzig . 
Campbell Soup Co. , for one , has concluded that it makes good sense to focus more on its most loyal customers than on people who buy competitive brands . 
f - Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota Corolla . 
Signed by 25 students 
Eddie Mahe , a Republican consultant , says the two GOP candidates could have avoided trouble if they had framed the issue first . 
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being . 
The state 's suit alleges that Exxon 's response to the spill failed to prevent contamination of hundreds of miles of shoreline along Prince William Sound . 
Not so . 
Separately , a Campeau shareholder filed suit , charging Campeau , Chairman Robert Campeau and other officers with violating securities law . 
Throughout the 1970s and early 1980s spokesmen for both the Unification Church and its opponents in the anticult movement gave wildly exaggerated membership figures . 
But a chance to fill out sales-tax records is rarely one of them . 
HomeFed Corp. said its main subsidiary , Home Federal Savings & Loan , converted from a federal savings and loan to a federal savings bank and changed its name to HomeFed Bank . 
`` He simply has n't explained why something worth a million dollars ended up worth $ 58,000 two years later , '' says Mr. Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager . 
The sale of Merksamer Jewelers is subject to approval by Judge Tina Brozman of U.S. Bankruptcy Court . 
Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery were quoted late yesterday at 98 10\/32 , up 10\/32 ; and Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 1\/2 , up 1\/4 . 
The move could pose a new challenge to Time Warner 's Home Box Office . 
It ordered Rep. Bates to write letters of apology to Ms. Bertussi and to a second complainant , Karen Dryden . 
If the Colombian media accept this new and hideous censorship there is little doubt that the drug mafia 's terrorism someday will extend to all the newspapers published in the free world . 
Nor are any of these inefficient monoliths likely to be allowed to go bankrupt . 
I do n't want companies to be built around me as a person . 
The industry used 81.6 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.2 % the previous week and 86.2 % a year ago . 
Nonetheless , Chairman Roger W. Johnson said he expects the company to be profitable in the current quarter . 
( Mr. Dingell , by the way , has decreed another NIH investigation of the Baltimore paper , adding to several previous investigations . 
QUANTUM CORP. , Milpitas , manufactures rigid disc drives for small business computers , word processors , annual sales $ 120.8 million , OTC , open for business , minor structural damage . 
Excluding special gains from tax-loss carry-forwards , earnings in the latest quarter were $ 117.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share , compared with $ 187.4 million , or $ 1.76 a share . 
The move is consistent with a trend for corporate legal staffs to do more work in-house , instead of farming it out to law firms . 
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy . 
Misawa Homes was up 20 at 2,960 . 
And earnings have been erratic . 
Are those declines enough to signal a partial return to stocks ? 
A circuit breaker that would have closed down the New York Stock Exchange was n't tripped . 
An 8.5 % drop in North American factory sales of cars and trucks cut into revenue , and rebates to dealers and customers more than offset gains from price increases on 1990 model vehicles delivered during the period , a GM spokesman said . 
Sharing a character with other advertisers is n't a way to do that . '' 
Rumors that Unilever is interested in acquiring Schering-Plough Corp. 's Maybelline unit are widespread . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Despite the widening gap between the two sides , conferees eventually followed the pattern set in previous years by opting to roughly split the difference . 
Already this year , it has received orders for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp. , among others . 
Since the formula assumes an 8 % before-tax return in a mutual fund , there would also be $ 16,500 in taxes to pay over the 12 years . 
But the issue is stickier than it seems . 
To make the books balance , as is required by law , somebody invented a new budget line item that simply subtracted $ 45 billion . 
The two Remics priced were a $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue underwritten by Salomon Brothers Inc. and a $ 350 million Federal National Mortgage Association deal underwritten by Greenwich Capital Markets . 
Another poked a hole in the heel of his shoe . 
Prices fell marginally for fuel and electricity . 
The average maturity of the funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's remained at 38 days for the third consecutive week . 
Ever since the hotly contested America 's Cup race last year , the famous yachting match has run into more rough sailing out of the water than in it . 
That , says Warner 's Mr. Rabinowitz , is `` a total 100 % lie . '' 
The deluge has spurred cost-conscious companies to action , with mail rooms throwing the stuff out rather than taking the time or money to deliver it . 
`` I do n't believe in the airline business you can be totally laissez-faire because of the high degree of public interest '' at stake . 
J. Thomas Allen , president of Pittsburgh-based Advanced Investment Management Inc. , agrees it 's a good idea to jump between the S&P 500 stocks and futures . 
Most of the department 's statements since the Northwest transaction indicated it planned to curtail foreign ownership stakes in U.S. carriers . 
The product is n't widely used yet , but Toshiba , which has already beaten everyone else in producing the current-generation one-megabit DRAMs , believes that its early investment will heighten its chances of beating its competitors again . 
`` But it 's not mediocre , it 's a real problem . '' 
Dr. Toseland said most of the British diabetics who died had been taking a human-based insulin made by Novo\/Nordisk , a Danish manufacturer . 
But attendance is down from previous years . 
That 's a significant change from earlier this year when the plant worked substantial overtime only to have sales fall short of the company 's bullish expectations . 
The charges said that one worker suffered permanent brain damage from mercury exposure . 
UAL 's stock regained most of an early loss amid speculation one or more investors may challenge the airline 's decision to stay independent . 
Shareholders will also receive one cent per share for the redemption of preferred stock purchase rights . 
`` Other people are making it overnight , and the rest who toil daily do n't want to miss that opportunity when it seems to come along . '' 
Analysts expect further jitters this week . 
Some petroleum futures traders say technical considerations now will help to put downward pressure on futures prices . 
Cray 's directors set Nov. 15 as the record date for distribution of shares in the new company , to be called Cray Computer Corp . 
And the ratio of installment debt to disposable personal income -- personal income after taxes -- has hit a high of about 18 1\/2 % . 
As a critique of middle-class mores , the story is heavy-handed . 
Markets -- 
Yet there will be people who will sob at `` Immediate Family , '' a limply constructed and offensive movie about adoption . 
But we 're out there and we 're going to stay in business . 
Rising inflation in Poland and Hungary makes Czechoslovak food , clothing and shoes relatively cheap for visitors from these countries . 
The price will depend on how much Picop shares fetch on the local stock market . 
Individuals familiar with the negotiations said the partial settlement being negotiated would remove the Boesky partnership , the British fund and Mr. Boesky as defendants , while Drexel and other defendants would remain . 
Selling the FHA 's loan portfolio to the highest bidder would save the taxpayers untold billions in future losses . 
`` Their approach did n't work ; mine is . 
Getting a grip on the extent of the damages is proving a far more difficult task than what insurers faced after Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month . 
In late New York trading the currency was quoted at 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen , compared with 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen Monday . 
Insurers will be advertising 800 numbers -- probably on the radio -- that policyholders can call to get assistance on how to submit claims . 
But he never took an official position on the bill and has steadfastly maintained that he already has enough authority to deal with buy-outs . 
In 1991 , the Soviets will take a Japanese journalist into space , the first Japanese to go into orbit . 
Sun 's results were slightly better than expectations . 
We must not shirk our responsibility and we can not just blame the demonstrators . '' 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Norfolk Southern shares closed at $ 37.875 , up $ 1.125 . 
In the nine months , the company 's net income was $ 21.5 million , or $ 1.88 a share , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 97.8 million , or $ 8.96 a share . 
The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open , river traffic to increase , government spending to fund job-training programs or public schools to educate apathetic students . 
Commercial gene-splicing was born . 
Meanwhile , several other major installations around the Valley -- America 's center of high-tech -- said they , too , fared as well as could be expected . 
The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson . 
The political risk would be far less if the president drew a firm line and hewed to it , experts insist . 
In the September issue of Scientific American , Thomas E. Graedel , distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories , and Paul J. Crutzen , director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , West Germany , wrote , `` It is now quite evident that chlorofluorocarbons , particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion . '' 
Before the union rejected the company 's offer and the strike was launched with the graveyard shift of Oct. 4 , Boeing had been counting on turning 96 aircraft out the door in the present period . 
But car-happy Americans panicked , and so did the U.S. and other oil-consuming governments . 
The company received shareholder approval for its restructuring plan , designed to fend off a hostile takeover bid from a group headed by financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
A retired electrical engineer we 'll call Ben works part-time as a consultant , but he does n't want to earn so much that Social Security reduces his benefits . 
Others , like Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , which has eight offices in the San Francisco area , set up an 800 number yesterday morning for customers to obtain market commentary and other help . 
Located six miles northeast of Venice , the field contains 875 billion cubic feet of methane gas - one-tenth of Italy 's reserves . 
Ratners and Weisfield 's said they reached an agreement in principle for the acquisition of Weisfield 's by Sterling Inc . 
Partners at other accounting firms say that the Deloitte firm in the U.K. is filing the suit to get even with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm for keeping major auditing work in England . 
Hassan comes to a bad end , but so does almost everyone else in the book . 
Mr. Savaiko said he sees a possibility of the December contract dropping to $ 1.05 a pound . 
First and foremost , Mr. Phillips said he hopes to improve client service . 
On the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , share prices closed higher in fairly thin trading , as selective buying by foreigners helped propel prices . 
The trust will issue the certificates . 
But the Supreme Court concluded that it was premature to rule on the constitutionality of the preamble because the definition of human life had n't yet been used to restrict abortion services . 
And my time has come . 
The legislation and other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee and the Senate Securities Subcommittee . 
`` We 've had dictation . '' 
The CIA told him it does not do domestic counterespionage . 
That Labor Day , in his first major act after succeeding the resigned Richard Nixon as president , Gerald R. Ford signed the Employee Retirement Income Security Act . 
Also , a contract with the United Auto Workers at the company 's helicopter plant in Philadelphia expired Oct. 15 . 
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares . 
Crested Butte , population 1,200 , is a bastion of the sport . 
`` That means that if the offense deals with one part of the business , you do n't attempt to seize the whole business ; you attempt to seize assets related to the crime , '' he explained . 
Both Gen. Scowcroft and his deputy , Robert Gates , are experts in U.S.-Soviet affairs . 
British life insurer London & General , which firmed 2 pence to 356 pence ( $ 5.70 ) , and composite insurer Royal Insurance , which finished 13 lower at 475 , were featured in the talk . 
Figuring that their money would more likely go toward a bottle of Night Train Express , most people have little trouble saying no to propositions like this . 
It was the market 's biggest gain since rising more than 7 points on Oct. 19 . 
Typical is Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi , Italy 's state-owned energy company , which not long ago acquired through its AGIP oil subsidiary a 5 % share in the consortium accounting for half of Nigeria 's oil output . 
The administration 's concerns are understandable . 
For instance , K mart is opening big food and general merchandise stores , called hypermarkets , and warehouse-type stores specializing in office products and sporting goods . 
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third-quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program . 
In the engine department , several companies displayed experimental models that within a decade could provide power equal to today 's engines and yet take up only half the space , allowing for shorter hoods . 
Petroleos will supply 135,000 barrels of oil a day for the refinery , Unocal said . 
Michigan -- $ 80 million of Michigan First general bonds , including $ 70 million of environmental protection project bonds and $ 10 million of recreation project bonds , via a Shearson Lehman Hutton group . 
New Canaan Investments Inc. said it closed the acquisition of Carr-Lowrey Glass Co. from Newell Co. , a Freeport , Ill. , maker of do-it-yourself home products . 
Estimated volume was a light two million ounces . 
Valley National closed yesterday at $ 24.25 a share , down $ 1 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
The bill gets signed into law and then the administration watches helplessly , wondering where all the `` unexpected '' costs came from . 
A company spokeswoman said the company had n't decided what measures to take , but did n't rule out legal action . 
( Federal deposit insurance would pay principal and interest accrued to the date of liquidation , to a maximum of $ 100,000 . ) 
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now . 
Although Olivetti 's profits tumbled 40 % in the first half of this year , she believes Olivetti 's restructuring last fall and its introduction of new products will begin to bear fruit with an earnings rebound next year , especially if it can fulfill its promise to deliver the new machines by December . 
WEIRTON STEEL Corp. said it completed a $ 300 million sale of 10-year notes , the final step in the 1984 buy-out of the company from National Steel Corp . 
Maybe the Chinese , maybe even the Indians . '' 
Sequa Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9 5\/8 % notes due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 9.664 % . 
The wholesale price index , based on 1963 as 100 , was 180.9 in September . 
`` Consolidation has been long overdue . 
Nynex said expenses rose 4.5 % to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.61 billion , a $ 119 million increase . 
One is that there are not enough police to satisfy small businesses . 
Allied-Signal Aerospace Co. received a $ 65 million contract to outfit Continental Airlines ' 393 planes with the Bendix\/King Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System . 
Mr. Roth , who has been on leave from his posts , will be succeeded by Geoffrie D. Lurie of GDL Management Inc. , which is Eagle 's crisis manager . 
Expenses are flat and that 's a good sign . 
And much home-equity credit is used conservatively . 
Eight Oakland players hit homers , with centerfielder Dave Henderson getting two , both on Friday . 
William Morrissey , 44 , was named executive vice president , world-wide director of McCann Direct , the direct marketing unit of Interpublic Group 's McCann-Erickson agency . 
Members find it easy to doctor legislation by slipping in special provisions that could never survive in the cold light of day . 
Proceeds of the Adobe sale brought net income in the quarter to $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share . 
But LTV 's move marks the first effort by a major steelmaker to counter the free fall in spot prices . 
Thursday , a judge is scheduled to rule on Warner 's motion seeking to block the Guber-Peters duo from going to Columbia . 
Its 1988 revenue was $ 25 million . 
The triple-A-rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four-year Treasury issues . 
-- Graduate-student football player . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve { U.S. . } results , and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
A partisan fight over cutting capital-gains taxes has slowed the progress of 1990 deficit-reduction legislation almost to a halt , triggering across-the-board spending cuts under the Gramm-Rudman law . 
Dollar : 141.52 yen , up 0.07 ; 1.8353 marks , off 0.0002 . 
Ms. Rose , who teaches literature at Wesleyan University , quickly proceeds to overemphasize , claiming that Baker 's dancing `` had uncovered a new region for desire '' and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous . 
That has n't deterred plenty of companies . 
Because index-fund managers are no longer satisfied with merely being average , they have developed `` enhanced '' indexing strategies that are intended to outperform the market as much as three percentage points . 
The bank added that it believes the review will `` demonstrate that First Union is in compliance with the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act . '' 
Mr. Lewis said the company gave the Consumer Affairs department `` volumes of documents '' to substantiate its statements , and made `` every effort to comply '' with all the agency 's policies . 
Now , it wants to concentrate on beer and its newer hotel and restaurant operations . 
Last week , Tele-Communications agreed to pay Viacom Inc. $ 225 million for a 50 % stake in its Showtime subsidiary , which is a distant second to Time 's Home Box Office in the delivery of pay-TV networks to cable subscribers . 
JAPANESE luxury-car makers are trying to set strict design standards for their dealerships . 
Another recent Hitachi suit accuses Motorola of reverse engineering a Hitachi technology -- a turnabout from a nation of champion reverse engineers . 
Amtech , which also provides technical temporary employment services to aerospace , defense , computer and high-tech companies in the Southwest and Baltimore-Washington areas , said its final audited results are due in late November . 
Dow Chemical Co. said third-quarter net income slipped 6.8 % from a record year-ago quarter . 
The company not only merged three military-electronics manufacturing operations , but also closed an unrelated plant that makes ordnance devices used in fighter planes and missiles . 
Guarantee by Credit Lyonnais . 
Mr. Hardis said truck-fleet operators appear to be cautious about buying new trucks until they see how the economy behaves . 
Duty-free shops in Leningrad 's Pulkova Airport opened in July , and hard-currency shops in Leningrad hotels and on the Soviet-Finnish frontier are coming soon . 
Net for the nine months was $ 254 million , or $ 5.94 a share , up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier . 
The company said it was leasing the site of the refinery from Aruba . 
Stephen A. Crane , 44 , senior vice president and chief financial and planning officer of the parent , was named president and chief executive of the brokerage group and the unit , succeeding Mr. Taylor . 
The bank projects Akzo will show per-share earnings of 24 guilders in 1990 , up from an estimated 22.5 guilders for this year and the 20.9 guilders reported for 1988 . 
The two-story roadway , designed in the mid-1940s and completed in 1957 , was supported by columns that apparently lacked the kind of steel reinforcement used in highways today . 
But some large insurers , such as State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , do n't purchase reinsurance , but fund their own program . 
The delegation included a reporter from the New York Times , aides to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and Rep. Les AuCoin , and Natural Resources Defense Council staff members . 
If the pound falls closer to 2.80 marks , the Bank of England may raise Britain 's base lending rate by one percentage point to 16 % , says Mr. Rendell . 
In the 1988 fourth quarter , Ford had net of $ 1.16 billion , or $ 2.42 a share . 
The Japanese government , Mr. Godown said , has stated that it wants 10 % to 11 % of its gross national product to come from biotechnology products . 
The violent temblor , which lasted about 15 seconds and registered 6.9 on the Richter scale , also caused the collapse of a 30-foot section of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge and shook Candlestick Park . 
Today , they identify 19 distinct segments for cars , and another 11 for trucks and vans . 
Three new issues begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange today , and one began trading on the Nasdaq\/National Market System last week . 
Ms. McFadden had been forced out in July in a bitter power struggle with Z. Lou Guttman , chairman and a longtime floor trader on the exchange . 
Already the Germans appear to be acting ; at a special meeting on the day of the decline , directors of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange voted to extend their trading hours , although they have n't decided when or by how much . 
The disk-drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago . 
He was performing for pay , and why should anyone expect anything more ? 
Republic New York Corp. joined the list of banks boosting reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries , setting out a $ 200 million provision and posting a $ 155.4 million third-quarter net loss as a result . 
-- `` More often than not , college athletes go through college never really experiencing collegiate life to the fullest . 
Now Bond Corp. has agreed to sell at least half its Australian brewing assets . 
Some activists are toiling to raise the profile of the two causes . 
Some dealers noted that nervousness over the recent sharp dive in stock prices could intensify following suggestions by Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita that appeared to advise Japanese investors to be very careful in investing in U.S. leveraged buy-outs . 
`` But we think the risks are there for things getting a lot worse . 
Mr. Finkelstein flew to San Francisco the day after the earthquake , and found that 10 to 12 of his company 's stores had sustained some damage , including the breakage of most windows at the I. Magnin store on Union Square . 
Senator Coats 's proposal would let the proposed spending cuts take place automatically unless Congress acts . 
Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges related to the pacemakers and to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in fines and other costs . 
$ 200 million of 8.85 % certificates backed by automobile loans priced to yield 8.99 % via First Boston Corp . 
And their suspicions of each other run deep . 
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick . 
But some observers believe Paramount Chairman Martin Davis wanted to avoid the possible taint of being perceived as a corporate raider in his controversial bid for Time . 
American Home Products said sales and earnings for the third quarter and nine months were at record levels . 
To some mothers , the expected FDA action is a poignant reminder of what might have been . 
The acquisition combined the country 's second-largest security company , Pinkerton 's , with 1987 sales of $ 410 million , and the fourth largest , California Plant Protection , with $ 250 million in sales , creating the industry 's biggest firm , which took on the Pinkerton 's name . 
He thinks that without a recession copper prices could exceed a high of $ 1.65 a pound , which was reached last year . 
Democrats hoped that Mr. Dinkins could become a highly visible national leader . 
IMA is a group that includes First Boston Corp. and the Pritzker family of Chicago through the leveraged buy-out fund Harry Gray Melvyn Klein & Partners . 
Soviet companies needing Western currencies to buy equipment and supplies abroad will be able to submit bids . 
For his part , Jerry Jones says he 's in the business for the long haul , and his work style seems to support that . 
AEG is 80 % owned by Daimler-Benz AG , the country 's biggest industrial concern . 
Kellogg , which has n't been as successful in capitalizing on the public 's health-oriented desire for oat bran as rival General Mills Inc. , has been losing share in the $ 6 billion ready-to-eat cereal market . 
`` There are enough enlightened and spirited individuals who know their responsibilities , '' he says . 
There is an element of make-work involved . 
The typical Glass audience , which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers , certainly does . 
Under current rules , investors in Taiwan can buy overseas stocks only through the purchase of mutual funds issued by local and foreign investment trusts . 
But after years of using the issue for its benefit , the GOP finds its candidates on the defensive . 
In a few instances , Aetna knew it would probably be shelling out big bucks , even before a client called or faxed in a claim . 
If the situation changes , I 'll get stuck with them . '' 
`` This is fun , '' asserted Susan Del Signore , head equity trader at Travelers Investment Management Co . 
He said USI Far East has applied to both the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank 's International Finance Corp. for financing that could include equity stakes . 
That gain was mostly offset by a loss of about $ 55 million from a write-down in its polysilicon business . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
But the rate of the decline snowballed in August , with unit sales to dealers for the month down 10.5 % from a year earlier , according to the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association . 
Wells Fargo & Co. of San Francisco posted a 17 % jump . 
Also late last week , UAL flight attendants agreed to participate with the pilots in crafting a revised offer . 
The 15 % restriction covers any would-be suitor , British or foreign . 
Federal drug regulators , concerned over British reports that diabetics have died after shifting from animal to human-based insulin , say they are considering a study to see if similar deaths have occurred here . 
Rhone-Poulenc S.A. , Paris , said it completed the purchase of the specialty chemicals operation of RTZ Corp. , a British mining and industrial group . 
`` Without the exclusivity , most venture capitalists wo n't have the incentive to invest in such deals , '' Mr. Bock says . 
Of 1,500 people sent a questionnaire , 951 replied . 
But quite a few money managers are n't buying it . 
`` I 'm sure everybody else is putting pencil to paper , '' said Kathryn McAuley , an analyst with First Manhattan Co . 
Sales in the category that includes pharmaceuticals , amino acids and chemicals rose 4.7 % . 
The two producers own a combined 28 % stake in Guber-Peters . 
Mr. Leavitt , 37 , was elected chairman earlier this year by the company 's new board , having served as vice president for legal and corporate affairs . 
Ford said then it would keep the Scorpio . 
THE YOM KIPPUR WAR , WHEN EGYPT CRASHED into Israel on Oct. 6 , 1973 , the holiest day in the Jewish calendar , lasted barely a month . 
Mr. Trump and Bally also appeared to have some leverage in the case because in the state of Delaware , where Bally is incorporated , courts have held that greenmail is often protected by the business-judgment rule . 
Travelers and other insurers have maintained that cleanup costs are n't damages and thus are n't covered under commercial policies . 
Employees were told that if they really wanted the publications , they would have to have them sent home instead . 
Ford predicted fourth-quarter net income will fall below the year-earlier level , partly because of a likely $ 500 million charge from the sale of its steel operations . 
One in 1981 raised to $ 2,000 a year from $ 1,500 the amount a person could put , tax-deductible , into the tax-deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans . 
But because first-quarter demand is normally the weakest of the year , several market participants say , OPEC production will have to decline to keep prices from eroding further . 
`` Big business , '' Mr. Pawlowski snorts in English . 
His characters practically scamper through a vast range of human emotions , like travelers doing 10 cities in eight days . 
In the early 1980s , I predicted a significant acceleration in productivity growth over the rest of the decade . 
The Fed 's reluctance to ease credit now could be laying the groundwork for a new recession , perhaps starting early next year . 
LMEYER : 
The voting for new laws followed dissolution of Hungary 's Communist Party this month and its replacement by a Western-style Socialist Party . 
The top-performing fund in the latest week was Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar , with a seven-day compound yield of 9.45 % . 
Moreover , the process is n't without its headaches . 
Maxicare Health Plans Inc. , operating under Chapter 11 bankrupty-law protection , outlined terms of its reorganization plan that calls for creditors and shareholders to receive at least $ 78.8 million in cash and $ 67 million face amount of 10-year , 13.5 % notes . 
From Chevy trucks to Lipton iced tea to a host of battling banks , the state has been inundated with broadcast commercials and print advertising campaigns celebrating Texans and castigating outsiders . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bristol-Myers Squibb rose $ 1.75 to $ 52.75 . 
Coke and Pepsi are all the same to me , and I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale . '' 
A military jet flew a congressional delegation and senior Bush administration officials to survey the damage . 
With obvious satisfaction , she says she told him : `` No darling , I just give it a Chanel look . '' 
`` Everything is up for grabs , '' says Theodore Groom , a lobbyist for mutual life-insurance companies . 
Crime was the reason that 26 % reported difficulty recruiting personnel and that 19 % said they were considering moving . 
I did n't say this , and I 'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote . 
Mr. Russo , 38 years old , previously was first vice president , public affairs and advertising , at the banking unit . 
The fragile market received its biggest jolt last month from Campeau Corp. , which created its U.S. retailing empire with more than $ 3 billion in junk financing . 
Bausch & Lomb Inc. said it plans to introduce next year a new line of sunglasses containing melanin , the pigment that protects against damage from ultraviolet rays . 
Declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outpaced advancers , 1,012 to 501 . 
In addition , McCall 's put in a less than stellar performance . 
After all , he had the counsel of `` curators from the most reputable museums in the world . '' 
What far too many people concerned about education either fail to understand or choose to ignore is that American children , on the whole , are among the most undisciplined in the world , making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful . 
A splinter group demonstrated in Pushkin Square , where the police clubbed and detained a number of protesters . 
The incentives boosted sales for a while , but the pace had cooled by last month . 
`` The company turned the corner fairly recently in profitability , '' said Margo McGlade of PaineWebber Inc. , who had been forecasting a 46 % jump in Pace 's net income from operations this year and another 42 % increase next year . 
Per-share figures this year reflect $ 6.8 million in preferred-share dividends ; the 1988 quarter did n't have such a payout . 
But traders on the exchange floor , who can observe the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days . 
But the board 's decision prompted many to bail out of the stock yesterday . 
`` People honestly lose money on risky investments that they did n't realize were a crapshoot , '' he says . 
And he has worked to shed his raider image . 
B.A.T rose five pence ( eight cents ) to 756 pence ( $ 11.91 ) in London yesterday as a late market rally erased a 28-pence fall earlier in the day . 
`` So , do n't come and try to con us with a howdy y'all or a cowboy hat . '' 
`` The movies , the books , the tabloids -- even Nancy Reagan is boosting this stuff , '' says Paul Kurtz , a philosophy professor at the State University of New York at Buffalo , who heads the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal . 
The fast-food business is `` intensely competitive , '' notes Wertheim Schroder analyst John Rohs . 
For the nine months , Mercury posted a loss of $ 5.4 million , or 86 cents share , against net income of $ 4 million , or 63 cents share , a year earlier . 
`` But we had a fairly active day yesterday . '' 
Some executives also cite tension because of efforts by Mr. Sorrell , a financial man , to cut costs at the agency . 
Unable to unload a large block of a French blue-chip company 's shares in Paris for two days last week , a frustrated Scottish Amicable fund manager finally tossed down her phone in disgust and called James Capel & Co. , a London brokerage firm . 
`` Indexing has been the most single successful investment concept in the last decade , but the index money has been just sort of sitting there , '' says Seth M. Lynn , president of Axe Core Investors Inc. , an indexer based in Tarrytown , N.Y . 
Flick Shock 
In appealing to those with a bit of larceny in their hearts , the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- insulating himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others . 
The market for electrochemicals include the paper , water-purification and textile industries . 
The venture , formed in 1986 , was supposed to be Time 's low-cost , safe entry into women 's magazines . 
`` But that 's just the time when you should be buying them . '' 
Still , he says that only a few of the quake-related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help . 
Gandhi 's family has ruled independent India for all but five years of its 42-year history . 
While Ms. Bryant 's state went ahead and accepted Drexel 's settlement offer of $ 25,000 , she said : `` I do n't have any argument with those who came to different conclusions . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
One bond trader estimated that more than $ 50 million of New York City general obligation bonds were put up for sale Friday alone . 
The agreement is subject to regulatory approval and resolution of lawsuits brought by certain Diversified holders in connection with the proposed merger . 
The committee is to recommend at the end of the month whether DOE should support cold fusion research . 
In `` The Cuckoo 's Egg '' ( Doubleday , 326 pages , $ 19.95 ) , he spins a remarkable tale of his efforts over 18 months to catch a computer spy . 
`` It follows the same pattern as his tax returns . 
The company is owner and operator , or an equity partner , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas and four in California . 
If the economy slips into a recession , then this is n't a level that 's going to hold . '' 
Among the issues the board will examine is whether United Airlines , a unit of UAL Corp. , should have been able to detect the cracks through maintenance checks . 
But most cases of non-violent civil disobedience are not nearly so benign . 
Santa Fe Energy Co. , a unit of Santa Fe Southern Pacific Co. , bought from Amoco the rights that allowed it to drill the Sharpshooter . 
Mr. Kane said he expects two or three major corporations to announce their participation in U.S. Memories soon after the group finishes a business plan , probably late this week . 
Mrs. Allen is a senior editor of Insight magazine . 
Earthquake-related claims are n't expected to cause significant financial problems for the insurance industry as a whole . 
Per-share earnings also shrank because of dividends on a new series of preferred stock . 
Now , only God exists as a matter of absolute necessity ; it is built into His nature . 
Peter Lieb , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the case , declined to comment on the trial . 
The expected amount is said to be 700 billion yen ( $ 4.93 billion ) to 1.05 trillion yen -- the second largest amount this year in a given period , following the record high set at the end of July , according to market observers . 
One stuck to old-line business traditions , while the other embraced the change . 
Their visa came in relatively short order , and they moved to Los Angeles . 
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies . 
Some smaller clients do n't seem to notice his switch . 
Polls also have recorded some slippage in Mr. Dinkins 's support among Jewish voters , and citywide projections now put his lead at between four and 20 percentage points . 
According to officials in Washington , the State Department hoped that by pleasing President Arias , it would gain his support to postpone any decision on the Contras until after Mr. Ortega 's promises of democratic elections were tested next February . 
Figure 1 demonstrates the performance of those businesses I 've invested in during this prosperous decade ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 20 , 1989 ) . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
To the rest of us , the case is a puzzle . 
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake . 
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says . 
The average six-month CD in that category added 0.05 percentage point to 8.35 % , for example . 
Retail sales are plummeting , while consumer prices still are rising . 
The TVA , which operates one of the nation 's largest electric power systems , is a corporation wholly owned by the U.S. government . 
The damage is already done . 
But last month new construction in all types of homes waned , from single-family houses to large apartment complexes . 
FileNet said it does n't believe the state has a valid basis of default and is reviewing its legal rights under the contract , but said it ca n't predict the outcome of the dispute . 
It `` is going to sound neat to the dealer except when his 15-day car supply does n't include the bright red one that the lady wants to buy and she goes up the street to buy one , '' a Chrysler spokesman said . 
As part of his plea agreement with the government , the 44-year-old Mr. Craig faces a maximum of three years in prison . 
Government Contractors 
CBS News is also re-enacting the 1979 Three Mile Island nuclear accident in Middletown , Pa. , with something less than a cast of thousands . 
Sales increased 6 % to $ 5.58 billion from $ 5.27 billion . 
Qintex Australia was `` going to pay more than $ 1 billion for MGM\/UA and then they could n't come up with the far smaller sum of $ 5.9 million . '' 
TVA , in its first public debt offering in 15 years , sold $ 4 billion of long-term and intermediate-term securities last week . 
Asked whether a $ 230-a-share figure circulating in the market yesterday is too low , he said , `` It 's certainly not too low . '' 
The Southern Command has grown even bigger since the war because Raeder 's ghost sometimes runs through the E ring dressed like Gen. Noriega . 
`` It 's too early to tell '' what happens after that , he says . 
Although encouraging dialogue between managers and workers , Mr. Smith does n't countenance what he considers insubordination . 
IBM 's announcement , which was expected and will formally be made to customers today , also marks an attempt to gain credibility on the plant floor , where Digital Equipment Corp. has long dominated and where Hewlett-Packard Co. has recently gained market share . 
Even if the Congress ( I ) retains control of the government , Mr. Gandhi 's ability to push through major initiatives might be hobbled by a thinner majority . 
In the name of civic pride and from the desire to nullify a negative image , some city promoters seek to link their municipality with the most recognizable names the city has to offer . 
The joint venture is being undone , with McCall 's magazine being sold last summer to the New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group for about $ 80 million , and Time Warner agreeing to sell back its 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother to Mr. Lang . 
While a large number of Hong Kong companies have reincorporated offshore ahead of 1997 , such a move is n't an option for Cathay because it would jeopardize its landing rights in Hong Kong . 
Big stocks with large short interest gains as of Oct. 13 included First Executive , Intel , Campeau and LIN Broadcasting . 
The company has long struggled to deliver a strong mainframe-class product , and made a costly decision in 1988 to halt development of an interim product meant to stem the revenue losses at the high end . 
The suit says the company failed to disclose material adverse information about its financial condition . 
Kemper officials declined to identify the firms but acknowledged a long-simmering dispute with four securities firms and said the list of brokers it wo n't do business with may be lengthened in the months ahead . 
Sows for breeding and bred gilts totaled 1,070,000 , down 2 % from a year ago . 
Together , the two stocks wreaked havoc among takeover stock traders , and caused a 7.3 % drop in the Dow Jones Transportation Average , second in size only to the stock-market crash of Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
Help may be on the way . 
In its report to Congress on international economic policies , the Treasury said that any improvement in the broadest measure of trade , known as the current account , `` is likely at best to be very modest , '' and `` the possibility of deterioration in the current account next year can not be excluded . '' 
`` Mr. Lortie felt less pertinent , '' Mr. Nadeau said , given the decision to dump Provigo 's non-food operations . 
`` I want to know who made the decision that it was safe for 186,000 people to use every day , '' said Richard Katz , a state legislator who is chairman of the California Assembly 's transportation committee . 
In this light , the comparative advantages of legislative law-making become clear : ( 1 ) Before it acts , the legislature typically will hear the views of representatives of all those affected by its decision , not just the immediate parties before the court ; and ( 2 ) the legislature can frame `` bright line '' standards that create less uncertainty than the fact-bound decisions of courts . 
They argue that as the Kremlin follows through on announced plans to cut land forces -- the Soviets ' area of greatest strength -- the U.S. should show more willingness to cut sea forces -- Washington 's area of greatest superiority . 
Isaac Hersly , 41 years old , was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of graphics , video , cable and other television-related equipment . 
But they foresee little substantial progress in exports unless the dollar and the federal budget deficit come down . 
JURY 'S CRIMINAL CONVICTION under Superfund law is a first . 
Meanwhile , net at GM 's finance arm , General Motors Acceptance Corp. , fell 3.1 % . 
I 'd slept through my only previous brush with natural disaster , a tornado 15 or so summers ago near Traverse City , Mich. , so I was unprepared for one reaction to such things : the urge to talk about them . 
The fund is the nation 's largest public employee fund , and it has a growing cash flow now topping $ 3 billion a year . 
But the transaction faltered in September , when Qintex Australia was forced to increase its offer to US$ 1.5 billion following a counterbid from Rupert Murdoch ; the deal fell apart altogether earlier this month . 
Market pulp is wood pulp sold on the open market to producers of paper and other products . 
Still , most retailing observers expect that all the proposed retailing LBOs will depend partly on the sale of junk bonds , a market already in tumult , in part because of concerns associated with bonds issued by the Federated and Allied units of Campeau . 
`` One of the hardest things to do is to buy stocks when the market is down , '' he says . 
One is the Pao , a tiny coupe with a peelback canvas top and tilted headlights that give it a droopy-eyed look . 
Just when Ms. Gruberova sat down away from her guests to cough in private , her salon began sliding around the stage ; her country hideaway also has a very active set of drapes . 
The measure provides no money for the promised payments until then , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the government would be committed to meeting annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of approximately $ 1.25 billion is paid . 
Meeting with reporters Friday , Mr. Darman again said he would rather live with across-the-board spending cuts than accept a deficit-reduction bill like the one passed by the House , which would increase spending in future years . 
They wonder whether he can be firm with his longtime allies , including union leaders and political cronies who may seek a place at the trough . 
`` The coupon was raised to induce some of the big players on the fence to come in , '' said a spokesman for Donaldson . 
Warner executives also filed new sworn affidavits denying claims by Messrs. Guber and Peters that the two sides had an oral agreement that enabled the producers to terminate their contract with Warner should the opportunity to run a major studio come up . 
A spoiler , nimble Tandem Computers Inc. in Cupertino , Calif. , jumped into the fray earlier this week with an aggressively priced entry . 
Among other actual and rumored targets , Woolworth rose 1 1\/4 to 60 1\/2 , Upjohn went up 1 1\/8 to 39 3\/4 , Armstrong World Industries gained 1 to 40 1\/8 and Kollmorgen rose 3\/4 to 13 7\/8 . 
But a remarkably high percentage -- over half -- are private payers throughout their stay , even a fairly lengthy one . 
The company said it will sell the water plain and with lemon-lime and cherry flavors and will package it in 28-ounce bottles and 6.5 ounce bottles as part of six-packs . 
The frenetic stock and bond markets cooled off , but the dollar slumped . 
( After tripling in size in the past five years , index funds now hold about 20 % of the stock owned by pension funds . ) 
Moreover , much of the investment boom is in high-tech fields in which Japanese companies have only limited foreign competition ; so , more investment practically assures more exports . 
Any selling , they say , should be well thought-out , and executed gradually , during market rallies . 
Americans are drinking less , but young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American vodka , brandy and other spirits . 
Some jewelers have Geiger counters to measure topaz radiation . 
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks . 
A bidding war for Jaguar became more likely as Britain unexpectedly decided to end restrictions blocking a takeover of the luxury car maker . 
But the market remains uneasy about Mr. Major 's policy strategy and the prospects for the pound , currency analysts contend . 
`` Instead of buying masks for your kids , just cut out the columnists ' pictures ... . 
Michael Maynard offered the world a faster way to break eggs . 
Now bond investors are looking toward next week 's report from national purchasing managers and the government 's October employment report as potentially prompting the Fed to lower rates . 
Swiveling in his chair , Mr. Straszheim replies that the new outlook , though still weak , does n't justify calling a recession right now . `` 
Yesterday 's major economic news -- a 0.2 % rise in the September index of leading economic indicators -- had little impact on financial markets . 
Executive Producers Steve Sohmer and Jeff Bleckner ( and writer\/producers Ken Solarz and Steve Bello ) have revved this show up to the breaking point . 
British government bonds surged on renewed volatility in the stock market . 
Currently , the rules force executives , directors and other corporate insiders to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares within about a month after the transaction . 
Hudson 's Bay said it will redeem 9.5 million Series H preferred shares on Oct. 31 at a price of C$ 27.75 each . 
This month , Federal 's 2,048 pilots , including some 961 acquired along with Tiger International Inc. in February , will decide whether to elect the powerful Air Line Pilots Association as their bargaining agent . 
By summer , an independent reform movement was saying out loud what it had only whispered before . 
Stock prices rallied in active trading . 
Harry Rossi , 69 , chairman of the holding company , also remains chairman of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co . 
Marc M. Goloven , an economist with Manufacturers Hanover Trust in New York , said that while the figures appear to indicate a sadly deteriorating U.S. trade performance , there 's still enough positive news in the data to justify buying dollars . 
Soybean and corn futures prices moved higher on the strength of buying from commodity pool managers trying to profit from technical price trends , as well as continued export strength . 
SEC Chairman Breeden said he would consider imposing `` circuit breakers '' to halt program trading during sharp swings in the market . 
The House approved a permanent smoking ban on nearly all domestic airline routes as part of a $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that must still overcome budget obstacles in Congress . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
And what they have shown is n't impressive . 
For just as the Arabs were in the 1960s , the farmers of Sidhpur are on the brink of global power and fame . 
Prompted by an earlier California earthquake , as well as a fire in a Los Angeles office tower , Great Western Bank in the past year hired three emergency planners and spent $ 75,000 equipping a trailer with communications gear to serve as an emergency headquarters . 
As it stands now , the government would continue to hold 45 % of Picop after the 36 % stake is sold . 
The Providence , R.I. , financial services group , which includes commercial-credit , leasing and mortgage-banking operations , contributed $ 30.6 million to net , up from last year 's $ 21.3 million . 
As previously reported , Northeast Utilities , Hartford , Conn. , Monday filed a bid it valued at $ 2.25 billion . 
It led to broad market speculation that Paribas now will sweeten its bid , which is expected to be formally launched later this week , after approval from French government regulators . 
Ford Motor Co. 's Merkur , the company 's first new car franchise in the U.S. since the Edsel was unveiled in 1957 , now will share Edsel 's fate . 
Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth , rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit . 
Nancy Igdaloff , who works in corporate payments at Bank of America in San Francisco , may be a good prospect for such a gizmo . 
The IRA portion ( of the Packwood-Roth plan ) is irresponsible . '' 
Platinum is believed to have good support around $ 480 and palladium at around $ 130 . 
Mr. Lerner is a writer and historian living in New York . 
Dealers said the market still has n't shaken off its nervousness after its bumpy ride of the past several sessions , caused by interest-rate increases last week and Wall Street 's 6.9 % plunge Friday . 
Payment by Allianz for the insurance interests it has just bought will help swell the French concern 's treasury to an estimated 11 billion francs . 
The jump in imports stemmed from across-the-board increases in purchases of foreign goods . 
Or those who choose not to farm can lease their lands and crop allotments for handsome sums . 
`` That was the first time they lost and I won , '' he says . 
They have maintained that banks remain interested in financing the transaction . 
McDonnell Douglas Corp. received contracts totaling $ 244.8 million for 72 F-A-18 aircraft for the Navy and helicopter spare parts for the Army . 
In the year-ago period , Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million , or $ 1.11 a share . 
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
It cited the expected beneficial effects of a concentration on key products , further structural changes within the group and cooperation agreements with other companies . 
When I asked American Airlines for its side of the story for use in my MBA class , where I teach business ethics , it did not respond . 
They strongly suggest that Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness . 
In a statement late yesterday , Santa Fe Pacific 's chairman , Robert D. Krebs , said that Santa Fe Pacific Realty would repay more than $ 500 million in debt owed to the parent before the planned spinoff . 
I would like to issue a challenge to corporate America . 
In the film classic `` Twelve Angry Men , '' the crucible of deliberations unmasks each juror 's bias and purges it from playing a role in the verdict . 
Scientists call the new class of genes tumor-suppressors , or simply anti-cancer genes . 
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding . 
New York , one of the nation 's largest issuers of tax-exempt bonds , sold $ 750 million of municipal bonds just a few weeks ago . 
USX and Kobe Steel hope to reach a definitive agreement establishing the 50-50 partnership by the end of the year , with construction tentatively slated for the spring of 1990 and production by 1992 . 
The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting U.S. Justice Department approval . 
The imposition of austerity measures , starting last October , already had begun to pinch when the massacre in Tiananmen Square on June 4 and subsequent events tugged the belt far tighter . 
Now a startling new approach is available to building your financial portfolio without undue risk , without extensive planning and without hurting your life style one bit ! 
`` It made our New Year , '' says Mr. Quinlan . 
Outside , I spotted two young men lugging blocks of concrete . 
Most bond prices fell on concerns about this week 's new supply and disappointment that stock prices did n't stage a sharp decline . 
In the third quarter last year , Dell had net income of $ 5 million , or 26 cents a share , on sales of $ 75.2 million . 
The provision seeks to wipe out an estimated $ 1.4 million in claims made by the Health Care Finance Administration against HEI , which owned the hospital in Sullivan , Mo. , during most of the four-year period -- 1983-1987 -- covered in the amendment . 
The main issue in the strike at the Ohio facility was health-care benefits , Mr. Stein said . 
TAX SHELTERS CALLED Individual Retirement Accounts , or `` IRAs , '' were created without fanfare on Sept. 2 , 1974 , but grew beyond expectations as an inducement to personal saving . 
The envelope arrives in the mail . 
Concerns about the stock market , doubts about the economy in general and rising competition from catalog companies also haunt store operators . 
Gen. Gromov himself said Soviet troops expected to leave behind more than $ 1 billion of military equipment and installations for the Kabul regime . 
Most balloonists seldom go higher than 2,000 feet and most average a leisurely 5-10 miles an hour . 
Whittle has met some resistance . 
General unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive $ 14 million in cash , $ 22 million face amount of senior notes and 49 % of the new company 's stock . 
Mrs. Thatcher has to come to terms with European economic integration , beginning with the European Monetary System , which Britain is committed to joining fully someday . 
Officials fear that any loosening this year could rekindle inflation or further weaken the pound against other major currencies . 
`` But the hurdle of financing still has to be resolved . 
But Glenn Daily , a New York-based financial consultant , warns that many of these bonuses are `` just fantasies , '' because most are n't guaranteed by the companies . 
The new facility was to have been the world 's most advanced cereal manufacturing plant , and Kellogg 's largest construction project . 
However , workers ca n't break ground until legal maneuvers to block the complex are resolved , moves which caused the signing to remain questionable up to the last moment . 
Shin Yonehara , a research scientist at the Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Medical Science , said the antibody he discovered works by recognizing an antigen called a Fas-antigen , which is characteristic of an infected cell . 
`` You can tell they 've got nothin ' . '' 
We observed at least two large plastic bags of shredded paper loaded into this truck . '' 
Within the appropriations process , the situation is even more difficult since the costs will be counted against the share of funds to be allocated to those subcommittees that recently have had the greatest difficulty in staying within the budget . 
`` People are very concerned about who is going to step up to the plate and buy municipal bonds in the absence of institutional buyers . '' 
The latest purchase follows small increases in his holdings made over the past five months . 
Federal revenues rose 9 % to $ 990.79 billion . 
Sandoz said it expects a `` substantial increase '' in consolidated profit for the full year , barring major currency rate changes . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Coca-Cola Enterprises closed at $ 16.375 a share , down 62.5 cents . 
`` It 's the total relationship that is important . '' 
Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. say they use voice-activated systems to record and verify orders between salesmen and traders . 
He succeeds the retiring James W. Wilcock . 
`` Do n't say it 's a gold ceiling . 
All cleanup costs from last spring 's Alaskan oil spill were reflected in earlier results , it said . 
But in introductory material for the campaign , the trade group urges members to `` arm '' for a `` revolution '' against big , out-of-state bank-holding companies . 
The Fujitsu spokeswoman said headquarter officials did n't approve the bid in advance and will take measures so this kind of thing does n't happen in the future . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year issue rose less than an eighth of a point , or less than $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 of face amount . 
At the moment gold traders are n't concerned about inflation , he said , and as for the dollar , `` gold 's association with the currency has been diminishing recently so drops in the currency are n't having much impact on gold . '' 
The Qintex Australia spokesman added that his company had opposed the Chapter 11 filing . 
Buying activity Tuesday centered on a wide range of midcapitalization , domestic demand-related shares whose prices range from 1,000 to 2,000 yen . 
We should also add Mr. Lawson 's own explanation , as we understand it . 
S.G. Warburg , a rumored target of some European banking concerns , finished 22 higher at 400 . 
Although Philip Morris typically tries to defend the rights of smokers with free-choice arguments , `` this has nothing to do with cigarettes , nor will it ever , '' the spokesman says . 
Total revenue is expected to double to more than $ 22 million from $ 10.8 million . 
The consensus of economists polled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate for GNP during the quarter . 
Here is an excerpt : 
Apple Computer improved 7\/8 to 47 5\/8 ; Intel slipped 1\/4 to 33 1\/4 , and Valley National Corp. was up 1\/8 to 15 1\/8 . 
The biggest drop was recorded by primary metals producers , a category that includes the steel industry . 
The obvious reason was ( for British Air ) to buy a stake in United Airlines . '' 
This mostly happens because we go from football in the fall to lifting in the winter to football again in the spring '' . 
He said he believes UAL management was badly advised on the funding of its original transaction . 
If I were to ask a sample of American parents , `` Do you wish the elementary schools to encourage creativity in your children ? '' the near-unanimous answer would be , `` Yes , of course . '' 
`` There seems to be a presumption in some sectors of ( Mexico 's ) government that there is a lot of Japanese money waiting behind the gate , and that by slightly opening the gate , that money will enter Mexico . 
The original bill was strongly opposed by the Fed and publicly criticized by friends of the Fed as an attempt to undermine the central bank 's independence . 
But the specialty-material segment slowed somewhat and consumer products continued below expectations . 
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president . 
If Japanese companies are so efficient , why does Kawasaki-Rikuso Transportation Co. sometimes need a week just to tell its clients how soon it can ship goods from here to Osaka ? 
Convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of Nov. 15 , 2019 , convert Nov. 15 , 2004 . 
Mr. Peters claims he reminded Mr. Ross that Robert Daly and Terry Semel , the top executives of the Warner Brothers studio , had `` repeatedly agreed that we had every right to accept '' an offer such as Sony 's . 
The decision to increase the loan-loss reserve and suspend the dividend is `` both prudent and in the best long-term interest of the shareholders , '' he said . 
There are $ 46,245,000 of 7 % term bonds due 2009 , priced at 97 7\/8 to yield 7.20 % , and $ 64.9 million of 7.1 % term bonds due 2016 , priced at 98 1\/4 to yield 7.25 % . 
The judge wrote again . 
`` It does n't bode well for coming quarters , '' said John Jacobson , who follows the steel industry for AUS Consultants . 
Bankers Trust New York Corp. became the latest major U.S. bank to increase reserves for its loans to less-developed countries , making a $ 1.6 billion third-quarter addition to its provision . 
Steelmakers have also been adding capacity of so-called electrogalvanized steel , which is another way to make coated corrosion-resistant steel . 
The measure , which will take effect next Wednesday , will create a two-tier exchange rate . 
The aerospace and financial services concern said net income fell 5 % to $ 59.5 million from $ 62.8 million . 
Like other foreign banks establishing a presence here , the family describes its move as a calculated decision to set up a financial services outlet in Europe 's largest economy ahead of the integration of European Community markets after 1992 . 
The new options carry out part of an agreement that the pension fund , under pressure to relax its strict participation rules and to provide more investment options , reached with the SEC in December . 
`` They had to do it . '' 
It comes real gentle before it pulls . 
About 70,000 people attended the anti-government rally , at which leaders of the banned African National Congress refused to renounce violence to end apartheid . 
According to Bernard Savaiko , senior commodity analyst at PaineWebber , the only stability to the market came when short sellers periodically moved in to cover their positions by buying contracts . 
He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s and '70s : for assault and unlawful confinement , for fraud and forgery of private documents , and for extortion . 
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage . 
That puts the real strategic decisions in the hands of others : bean counters , budgeteers , and pork-barrelers . 
A federal court jury in New York found U.S. Rep. Robert Garcia ( D. , N.Y . ) and his wife , Jane Lee Garcia , guilty of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech in return for official acts by the congressman . 
The policy was contained in an exchange of letters last October between the Senate intelligence committee and the CIA and National Security Council . 
The mining zone has thus remained one of the most desolate places in Africa . 
That should happen by today , he said . 
Legislators are talking about temporary rises in sales or gasoline taxes , although Gov. Deukmejian says they should be a last resort . 
The change in expected cash distributions from the Champs real estate investment trust stems from a revised estimate of administrative costs , said Jay R. Cohen , Champs executive vice president . 
In addition , CMS reported third-quarter net of $ 68.2 million , or 83 cents a share , up from $ 66.8 million , or 81 cents a share , a year ago . 
BROKERAGE HIRING languishes amid market turmoil . 
Bond prices posted strong gains as investors went on a bargain hunt . 
Judith Elkin , lawyer for the creditors , said the creditors group is challenging certain accounting entries on the parent company 's books and estimates that the receivable owed the steel company could be as much as $ 40 million . 
In the second quarter , middle-market cross-border transactions -- deals under $ 100 million each -- numbered 619 and totaled $ 6 billion , compared with 478 such transactions totaling $ 4.9 billion a year earlier , the firm said . 
Third-quarter profits fell at several companies . 
`` If you say sell anytime a company 's price\/earnings ratio exceeds 15 , that knocks out all your growth stocks , '' he says . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Outlays for the month totaled $ 105.39 billion , up from $ 87.57 billion a year earlier . 
$ 150 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 29 , 1996 , priced at 101 7\/8 to yield 8 7\/8 % less full fees via Nikko Securities Ltd . 
Once they are in the building , they stay . 
It is ironic that at a time when America 's partial airline deregulation is being emulated by governments from New Zealand to Ethiopia , so many in Congress favor an incumbent-protection program for airlines that would be more appropriate for the Soviet airline , Aeroflot . 
`` But it will definitely boost Next 's sales . '' 
The Oakland grocery retailer , closely held since a $ 4.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 , said profit for the three months ended Sept. 9 was $ 7.1 million , compared with $ 23 million a year earlier . 
Canadian production of market pulp rose 1 % in September from a year earlier as the industry operated at 87 % of capacity . 
AG is hardly alone in its anxiety . 
In late September , IBM began shipping a plug-in card that converts its PS\/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine . 
Only one in four companies with flexible benefit plans lets workers buy or sell vacation days , consultant Towers Perrin says . 
Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. was dropped , effective today , from the recreational products and services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index . 
The pilots might end up teaming up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists union , in a recapitalization . 
Long-term Treasury bonds rose slightly despite the arrival on the market of $ 4.52 billion in 30-year bonds offered by the Resolution Funding Corp. as part of the government 's bailout of the savings and loan industry . 
The state 's opposition to the use of dispersants , Exxon says , caused the Coast Guard `` to delay granting permission . '' 
Reebok said Mr. LaBonte will resume the presidency of Vantage Group Inc. , a California-based venture capital firm that he founded in 1983 . 
He adds : `` I think this is a great strategic move for Quebecor . 
The glitzy office that Ivan Boesky vacated for a prison cell had previously contained commodity operators Marc Rich and `` Pinky '' Green , today fugitives from a potential century apiece of jail sentences . 
MCA said net also included certain reserves related to the restructuring of its LJN Toys ' international operations . 
He said Mr. Steinberg had insisted that the merger talks move quickly . 
When district authorities allowed him to resume manufacturing , they released only one of his machines . 
MAITRE'D CLAIMS in suit that restaurant fired her because she was pregnant . 
AT&T said its amended pension program will nearly double to 34,000 the number of managers eligible to retire with immediate pension payments . 
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
Even the beloved Dallas Cowboys were bought by an Arkansas oil man . 
Mr. Ondaatje sold his stake in Pagurian Corp. to Hees earlier this year and is said to be seeking a media acquisition . 
Japan has supported a larger role for the IMF in developing-country debt issues , and is an important financial resource for IMF-guided programs in developing countries . 
In addition , perhaps 5 % of registrants will come from a new category consisting of applicants whose academic credentials `` narrowly missed '' gaining them admission in the first category . 
But the Dow Jones Transportation Average went down for the seventh consecutive session , due largely to further selling in UAL . 
Ms. Bogart 's cast is part and parcel of the problem . 
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital-gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles . 
Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's and Mr. Peters 's lack of involvement in `` Caddyshack II '' for casting and production problems and the film 's ultimate dismal failure . 
Estimated volume was a very light one million ounces . 
The clash of ideologies survives this treatment , but the nuance and richness of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle . 
The stock closed yesterday at $ 33.625 , giving Mr. Icahn 's 33.6 million shares a value of $ 1.13 billion . 
The Des Moines-based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Ladies Home Journal and Better Homes and Gardens . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. will announce today a software program that allows computers in a network to speed up computing tasks by sending the tasks to each other . 
Christie 's will soon have a sale of Dada and Symbolist art while Sotheby 's is luring collectors with sales of Swiss , German , Spanish , Australian and Canadian paintings . 
`` That 's something they can do very well . 
That would increase Prospect 's ownership of the company 's fully-diluted shares outstanding to 20 % from 14.1 % . 
Inco said the drop in earnings resulted mainly from lower nickel prices for the period and a temporary cut in nickel output at the company 's Manitoba operations due to high levels of arsenic in the ore . 
Granges said in Vancouver , British Columbia , that the production halt will be phased in over a 10-week period . 
Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers and ground-cargo and air-cargo systems . 
`` We recognized the problem and took care of it . '' 
`` It 's a wait-and-see situation right now , '' says Terry McGowan , president . 
Bakker , who was immediately taken into custody , was convicted Oct. 5 by a federal court jury in Charlotte , N.C. , of fraud and conspiracy for diverting more than $ 3.7 million of ministry funds for personal use . 
The two sides were scheduled to meet with the mediator this morning . 
Where non-violent civil disobedience is the centerpiece , rather than a lawful demonstration that may only attract crime , it is difficult to justify . 
It 's a kind of an investment . '' 
Price Co. jumped 2 1\/4 to 44 on 1.7 million shares . 
So when American Brands Inc. decided to sell the unit in 1987 as part of a divestiture of its food and security industries operations , Mr. Wathen saw a chance to accomplish several objectives . 
People said they did n't think a billion-dollar deal would trade . '' 
Toyota 's $ 35,000 Lexus automobile , a luxury model that it started shipping to the U.S. only last month , is racking up orders at a time when U.S.-made luxury-car sales are slow . 
Also yesterday , Ashok Patel , a former Par official who pleaded guilty to providing an FDA employee an illegal gratuity of $ 3,000 , was sentenced by a federal judge in Baltimore to one year of community service and a $ 150,000 fine . 
Earnings have plummeted , too , in each of the past three quarters . 
Hence the LBO craze . 
That list includes last season 's champs , the Los Angeles Dodgers , who rode a miracle home run by Kirk Gibson and two faultless pitching performances by Orel Hershiser to a five-game triumph over a bewitched , bothered Oakland crew . 
But it is puzzling to some Hollywood executives that Sony rushed to hire them without clearing up the Warner situation first . 
Next to medical insurance , `` costs of compliance '' are the fastest-growing expense at Impco Inc. , a Providence , R.I. , chemical company . 
And even when specific projects are described in prospectuses , the money often is used elsewhere , according to analysts . 
Mr. Bloch concedes that a recent diversification attempt fell through . 
The administration also made clear its continuing distate for the leftist Nicaraguan government in recent days , endorsing a package of electoral aid to the Nicaraguan opposition , renewing the U.S. trade embargo against the country and continuing to complain that the country supports rebel groups in the region . 
Speed is a component of quality -- one of the things we must deliver to satisfy customers . '' 
A new in-house magazine , Kidder World -- which will focus on the firm 's synergy strategy , says Mr. Carpenter -- confides that on weekends Mr. Newquist `` often gets value-added ideas while flying his single-engine Cessna Centurion on the way to Nantucket . '' 
And taking more direct action has the advantage of avoiding sharp increases in the money supply , such as happened in October 1987 . 
The bankruptcy judge has ruled that federal bankruptcy laws could be used to circumvent state regulation . 
Arkla said it will report $ 179 milllion in one-time charges against continuing operations for the third quarter , reflecting settlement of certain natural gas contracts . 
In 1988 , for the first time , economic growth came to a dead stop . 
Which types of stocks currently have the greatest earnings risks ? 
Mr. Gillett is said to be proud of his operating record ; he has lifted some stations ' ratings and turned around a Detroit station . 
Much of the market 's recent volatility has been blamed on this large-scale computerized trading technique that can send stock prices surging or plummeting in a matter of minutes . 
`` That 's always looking back , '' she said . 
The drug , discovered in 1984 , is metabolized from soil fungus found in Japan . 
Officials said South Korea 's trade surplus with the U.S. for the first nine months of the year totaled $ 3.49 billion , down 43 % from the same period last year on a customs-clearance basis . 
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings-on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon . 
Mr. Noriega , by now a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking . 
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down-payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program-driven financial futures . 
`` I had some problem from time to time on the length of time he would take to make up his mind , '' Mr. Ferrer admits , but he maintains that he did n't delay his support of Mr. Dinkins and that he backs the Democratic candidate enthusiastically . 
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment sought by Bush to prohibit desecration of the U.S. flag . 
The blue-collar machinists , longtime rivals of the white-collar pilots , say the buyout would load the company with debt and weaken its finances . 
And Ms. Pfeiffer 's particular version of `` Making Whoopee '' -- and the way Mr. Ballhaus photographs her , from the tips of her red high heels right up her clingy red velvet dress -- might make you think of Marilyn Monroe if Ms. Pfeiffer had n't gone and become a star in her own right . 
I 've been advising small businesses many years and have lived with the fact that 50 % will go out of business within two years , and 80 % in five years . 
Corporate profits may also dip initially . 
Our copy of Racine ( Wis . ) Labor comes through the mail wrapped around two sections of Baseball Card News . 
Barry R. Ostrager , an attorney for Travelers , said , `` there are procedural bases on which this case will be appealed further . '' 
`` The women wanted photo albums , a certain brooch , kind of sentimental things . '' 
Value Line added , `` With discounts widening on business papers , and with newsprint and corrugated shipments flat , we expect negative earnings comparisons through next year . '' 
But other figures are surprising . 
The chemicals and insurance company said net in the latest quarter was $ 54.8 million , or 45 cents a share . 
GE , which was surprised by the last-minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents , countered that senior GE managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives . 
In order to defuse pressure for an amendment , Mr. Mitchell and House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) had arranged for lawmakers to pass a statute barring flag desecration before voting on the constitutional change . 
Interest rates generally began declining last spring after moving steadily upward for more than a year . 
Mr. Bergsma said world-wide industry sales of aramid fibers are expected to total about $ 500 million this year . 
One broadcasting executive familiar with the project said the co-venture would target stations affiliated with Fox because Fox has the desirable independent stations in most of the key cities . 
In one of the first indoor air-pollution cases to go to trial , a state-court jury decided in favor of the defendant , Burlington Industries Inc . 
The move also helps the Rochester , N.Y. , photographic giant ensure that its motion-picture film business -- for which it holds a virtual monopoly , supplying every Hollywood movie company -- is n't made obsolete by the upstart HDTV business . 
She said her employer ca n't afford the rate increases , and she fears she wo n't find another job with a benefit plan covering her ailment . 
An Olivetti spokesman said the company 's factories are already beginning to produce the machine , and that it should be available in Europe by December . 
Insurers face the prospect of paying out billions of dollars for damages caused by this week 's California earthquake . 
Delmed said yesterday that Fresenius USA would begin distributing the product and that the company is investigating other possible distribution channels . 
{ During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . } 
Hugh Johnson , chief investment officer at First Albany Corp. , agreed that a deteriorating economy is worrisome , but he said the real concern among stock investors is that some new problem will crop up in the junk bond market . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Since the mid-1980s , Japan 's other major real estate purchases in the U.S. include Dai-Ichi Seimei America Corp. 's $ 670 million purchase of an office building at 153 East 53rd St. in Manhattan in 1987 and Mitsui Fudosan Inc. 's $ 610 million purchase of the Exxon Building , part of Rockefeller Center , in 1986 . 
He 's now estimating that after a period of consolidation , the Dow Jones Industrial Average will once again forge new highs . 
Heating oil and gasoline futures ended higher as well . 
Without becoming overly contentious , allow me to suggest that several recent champions of the world according to us ( as in U.S. ) might not have ranked No. 1 in many polls . 
If it finds one of those passwords , Mr. Alexander said , the worm will do such things as change users ' passwords to a series of random numbers , preventing them from signing on to the network . 
Rival Boston Herald columnist Howie Carr , who usually rails at Statehouse `` hacks '' and nepotism , argued that the new drawings were designed to hide Mr. Madden 's `` rapidly growing forehead '' and the facial defects of `` chinless '' Dan Shaughnessy , a Globe sports columnist . 
Power is back on , and UCSF { medical center } seems to have quieted down for the night ( they were doing triage out in the parking lot from the sound and lights of it ) . 
Marshall figured it would be good training for those soldiers -- someday maybe they would get the whole Navy . 
`` I was always going to do it tomorrow , '' he explained at the time . 
One difference , he said , is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season . 
Their price falls further than that of other bonds when inflation and interest rates kick up . 
Twenty-one of its workers are Ph. D.s . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Phillips Petroleum shares fell $ 1.125 to $ 23.125 . 
Not that oil suddenly is a sure thing again . 
The worriers cite some worrisome trends . 
`` Demand has caught up with the supply of certain types of freight transportation , and rates are starting to move up '' at a rate `` close to or slightly more than the inflation rate , '' said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co . 
The Wall Street Journal `` American Way of Buying '' Survey consists of two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls conducted for the Journal by Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization . 
Ungermann-Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer-network market in Japan than at home . 
`` The problem with this administration , I think , is that by design it has greatly diminished , both in a physical sense and in a procedural sense , the role of the NSC . '' 
George Jennison , who trades bank stocks for Shearson Lehman Hutton , said the stocks tend to fall behind because they are n't traded as much as many other issues . 
`` I am a devout Catholic , '' says Mr. Pignatelli , a 40-year-old health officer . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
The AFL-CIO , which previously opposed the administration 's subminimum idea , said the compromise has `` adequate safeguards , so the youth are not exploited and older workers are not displaced . '' 
Genentech faces competition in the cardiac-drug market from SmithKline Beecham PLC 's heart drug Eminase , expected to receive market approval shortly . 
But Rep. John Bryant ( D. , Texas ) , the lead counsel for the House managers who conducted a lengthy inquiry into Judge Hastings ' activities , said `` a mountain of evidence points to his certain guilt . '' 
Investors dumped stocks of big companies whose earnings fluctuate with the economy . 
Some of the money will go to the Chico Mendes Foundation , but it is n't earmarked for groups trying to save the rain forest . ) 
Thus the conclusion is that the burden rests with management to understand\/adopt the culture and philosophy of the country in which they are operating . 
Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit `` not nice '' and said his group will continue to push for control of the company and the removal of certain directors . 
About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated . 
`` We are dealing with real entrepreneurs , '' says Antoni Leopold , an economist who advises Rural Solidarity , the union 's countryside offshoot . 
`` There is talk of some revamping and we 're certainly heading in the direction of less and less animation , '' said Joseph S. Cicero , vice president of finance and administration for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co . 
He warned that Fed efforts to conquer inflation would fail -- and could produce `` a major financial crunch '' -- unless they are accompanied by a significant reduction in the federal deficit , which causes the government to borrow heavily . 
Morgan Grenfell said Michael Dobson , currently group deputy chief executive , will assume the chief executive position . 
`` What I hope to bring to this is another word : process . 
The roll call was considered an illustration of the limits of power that the resurgent abortion-rights movement faces . 
Cross & Trecker is also selling its equity interest in a Japanese joint venture , Murata Warner Swasey , to Murata Machinery . 
Crown Resources Corp. said it reached a definitive agreement to acquire the Gold Texas Resources Ltd. shares it does n't already own . 
Mr. Teagan cites a list of substitutes but none , so far , match the nonflammable , nontoxic CFCs . 
Carr-Lowrey , a maker of glass bottles for the cosmetics and toiletries industries , had sales last year of about $ 40 million . 
Yesterday , the United ticket counter was active , with people trying to get flights out , but the airline said demand for seats into the city also was active , with people trying to get there to help family and friends . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Pfizer closed at $ 67.75 a share , up 75 cents . 
`` Hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from U.S. companies and share it with their own companies , '' said Noel D. Matchett , a former staffer at the federal National Security Agency and now president of Information Security Inc. , Silver Spring , Md . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended about 1\/2 point higher , or up about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield slid to 7.93 % from 7.98 % Friday . 
`` All our efforts are now focused on improving earnings to the point where we can fund additional new-country development , continue to invest in the business and reinstate the dividend , '' he added . 
They note that he has adorned his office with five photos of George Bush , one of them featuring the First Dog , Millie . 
`` The anecdotal data certainly shows that some of the people were not aware of the rapid onset of hypoglycemia , '' Dr. Toseland said . 
I am waiting . 
`` In some industries , like pharmaceuticals , acquisitions make sense . '' 
Grumman Corp. was awarded a $ 53.1 million Navy contract for advanced acquisition of six E-2C tactical control aircraft . 
Coca-Cola Co. said it produced a new version of its 1971 `` I 'd like to teach the world to sing '' commercial . 
Some things ca n't be repaired . 
The White House announced that Mr. Agnos , along with the mayors of Oakland and Alameda , are to accompany President Bush on a tour of the earthquake area today . 
South Australian Government Finance Authority ( agency ) -- 
British government bonds , or gilts , ended moderately lower as equities there recovered from Tuesday 's drop . 
Most importantly , the Senate traded away the Bush administration 's controversial plan to finance the bailout , which was partly reinstated later . 
Standard-issue portraits of flaky Californians , snobbish homosexuals and Neanderthal union leaders undermine the force of the author 's perceptions . 
And tough competition in the air-freight market is cutting into an important sideline . 
The main reason was a delay in shipment of new high-end disk drives , a business that accounts for some 10 % of IBM 's $ 60 billion of annual revenue . 
United Education & Software posted a $ 250,000 bond against potential losses to the student aid commission and to taxpayers in guaranteeing any more loans for National Technical Schools students prior to the hearing . 
As Helen Boehm , who owns an art porcelain company , sipped her luncheon cocktail , she reeled off the names of a few pals -- Prince Charles , Princess Diana , Sarah Ferguson , John Kluge , Milton Petrie . 
`` Where the hell are they gon na live when people like you turn the world into a big toxic waste dump ? 
Two weeks after boosting base rates to 15 % , he pledged that `` rates will have to remain high for some time to come . '' 
Mr. Savageau says earthquake or not , San Francisco makes the list . 
Within three weeks of the 1975 end to fixed rates there were all-out price wars among brokers fighting for institutional business , with rate slashes of 35 % to 60 % below pre-May 1 levels . 
The largest beneficiary will be Seagram Co. , which owns about 23 % of Du Pont . 
Unless the government suddenly reverses course , wages for most workers wo n't keep pace with inflation , creating a potential source of urban unrest . 
The award results from the Navy 's exercising of an option in an earlier contract it awarded Avondale . 
Lynden B. Miller , the noted public garden designer who restored Central Park 's Conservatory Garden , recalls her reaction to the South Gardens model in light of the public garden she was designing for 42nd Street 's Bryant Park : `` Bryant Park , as designed in 1933 , failed as a public space , because it made people feel trapped . 
Market-If-Touched Order : Market-if-touched orders are like stop orders in that they become market orders if a specified price is reached . 
By Wednesday , the outstanding October contracts amounted to 8,524 , representing about $ 1.13 billion in stock , noted Donald Selkin , head of stock-index futures research at Prudential-Bache Securities , who expects a volatile expiration today . 
Second , they are liquid . 
Through the longstanding relationship between the two companies , Mitsukoshi has opened 22 Tiffany shops in its stores and arcades in Japan . 
And no one was shouting . 
Still , Mr. Mack says he talks to `` 30 members of Congress a week . '' 
Shop Television Network Inc. , of Los Angeles , said Penney agreed to continue its exclusive arrangement with Shop Television , which does the production , marketing and cable distribution for the J.C. Penney Television Shopping Channel . 
The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. `` have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months '' on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . 
The answer , say academic researchers , money managers and investment specialists , is yes -- as long as you approach the stock market as an investor . 
Democratic counterpart Mitchell , asked to interpret Darman 's threat to make permanent the across-the-board Gramm-Rudman cuts that took effect this week , says , `` I do n't even bother to interpret them . '' 
Environmental concerns are beginning to have as much influence in oil-industry spending plans as the price of crude does . 
But he also pointed out that the recalls will have no impact on GE 's engine production . 
Baker nonetheless remains furious both at Shamir , for backing down on the elections , and at Shamir 's rival , Peres , for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan . 
The state-controlled French metals group Pechiney S.A. said it has signed a preliminary accord to sell its Paris headquarters to Groupement Foncier Francais and Nouveaux Constructeurs for 2.76 billion francs ( $ 443 million ) . 
Her findings ? 
It would be run by the joint chiefs under simple directions : Produce the best possible force for each budget scenario and provide the Secretary of Defense with a comprehensive net assessment of how that force could be used to achieve U.S. goals . 
The restyled 300ZX costs as much as $ 33,000 and is squared off against the Porche 944 , which begins at $ 41,900 . 
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
But , `` You never can tell , '' he added , `` you have to take advantage of opportunities . 
By late last year he was invited back as `` the tire king '' to display his products at a national exhibition . 
The move largely consigns them to roads used by motorized vehicles . 
The result was a more thoughtful , complete and competitive proposal , '' Mr. Anton concludes . 
As for Mr. Levy at St. Gillian , he says he will maintain his credit lines with the various Campeau stores unless they miss a payment . 
The administration continues to support SDI , or Star Wars , and it recently lobbied to persuade the Senate to restore some of the funds it planned to cut from the program . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 368.25 an ounce . 
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity . 
Bookings for the first half totaled $ 813 million , compared with the $ 432 million recorded last year . 
Northrop Corp. 's third-quarter net income fell 25 % to $ 21.5 million , or 46 cents a share , while General Dynamics Corp. reported nearly flat earnings of $ 76.5 million , or $ 1.83 a share . 
In a separate announcement , Trinova said the Aeroquip group has agreed to sell its spring-brake , piston-brake and related businesses to Midland Brake Inc. of Branford , Conn . 
Including Monday 's plunge , that has given the two executives paper losses of $ 49.5 million , based on what they would have realized had the pilots and management-led buy-out of UAL gone through at $ 300 a share . 
He added that concluding the deal requires approval by the governments of both countries , which have never had direct air links . 
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever . 
In trading at the Chicago Board of Trade , the corn contract for December delivery jumped 5.75 cents a bushel to settle at $ 2.44 a bushel . 
`` Things are beginning to settle down . 
The Castle Harlan group includes Walter Sieckman , former chief operating officer of Sharon , and Wolfgang Jansen , former executive vice president . 
A Hewlett-Packard spokeswoman said that , while `` things are a big mess , '' some 18,000 Valley employees have been called back to work today . 
One of the advantages of the hot-dipped process is that it allows the steel to be covered with a thicker coat of zinc more quickly . 
When used as background in this way , the music has an appropriate eeriness , as when a two-note phrase , a descending minor third , accompanies the seemingly endless litany of reports , interviews and confessions of witnesses in the Morris film . 
It is also pulling 20 people out of Puerto Rico , who were helping Huricane Hugo victims , and sending them to San Francisco instead . 
I was in the Berkeley Main library when it hit . 
Rockwell International Corp. was issued a $ 12.5 million Air Force contract for changes in the National Aerospace Plane . 
In 1985 , it was 2.1 % . 
Three companies , Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , Shell Canada Ltd. and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , applied to the Canadian National Energy Board to export 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta natural gas over 20 years starting in 1996 . 
The key corporate news of the day was that British Airways decided to withdraw from a management-led bid for UAL Corp. , the parent of United Airlines . 
Some state middlemen come to buy from me . 
The main factors for the September increase from the previous month were higher prices for services , food and housing . 
But there were hitches , not the least of which was that , Mr. Wathen says , he proceeded almost blindly in doing the $ 95 million acquisition , which was completed in January 1988 . 
`` I do n't know what the risk is { of holding the stock } . 
An antitrust suit that Mr. Maynard 's company filed in Los Angeles federal court against the United Egg Producers and others only added to the entrepreneur 's woes . 
While the agency has done well in many parts of the world , its flagship New York office has had a dismal track record recently ; it has won few new accounts while losing big ones , including Maxwell House . 
Racal Electric , which traded 11 million shares , declined 12 to 218 . 
Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman and chief executive , added that Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars , called Record Breakers , and its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids , Scrabble and other lines from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company `` in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season . '' 
Chicagoans have just elected 540 neophyte school boards , one for each school . 
I wish them all the best ! '' 
Sales fell 1.5 % to $ 884 million from $ 897.2 million . 
Maybe she could drop by at the Metropolitan Opera and bring along what she forgot , a little charm , a few smidgins of thespian skills and a nice wig . 
Dun & Bradstreet dropped 3\/4 to 51 1\/8 on 1.9 million shares on uncertainty about the company 's earnings prospects . 
The Federal National Mortgage Association said 39 lenders across the U.S. have agreed to offer home loans under Fannie Mae 's pilot program for elderly people . 
According to a trader at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , the hardest hit junk bonds were those issued by RJR Holdings Capital Corp. , which are the easiest to sell . 
The condition , known as paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia , leads to dizziness and fainting . 
Like almost everything in this wonderfully romantic and edgy movie , Ms. Pfeiffer 's Susie seems like someone you 've seen before , in numerous show-biz stories ( even her name , Susie Diamond , sounds like a character Marilyn Monroe must have played ) . 
Another Fox official , who declined to be identified , said Fox was n't pleased by the possible Paramount-MCA venture into prime-time programming . 
LONG-TERM care insurance gains favor . 
Yet they somehow think that Wall Street is indifferent to losing the tax cut that seemed so close Friday morning and is now problematic . 
The debt rose further in 1977 when Mr. Sutton resigned his position as Manhattan borough president to run for mayor . 
Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses . 
Analysts said they do n't think it is contemplating a takeover , however , and its officials could n't be reached . 
The Knight Foundation , of Akron , Ohio , has established a national commission to look into college-sports reform , and the NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended cutting spring football practice in half , moving the start of basketball practice back by a month and reducing maximum schedules in that sport to 25 games from 28 . 
Despite heavily subsidized consumer industries , East Germans have for years watched the West pull farther out ahead . 
Such fervor for cycling helped Mr. Sinyard build a creative company at the forefront of its industry . 
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers . 
The deal has , as one takeover expert puts it , `` so many moving parts . 
We are almost left out of { campus } social activities . 
Just clobbered , '' said Ulric Weil , an analyst at Weil & Associates who had once been high on the company . 
So far , instead of teaming up , GE Capital staffers and Kidder investment bankers have bickered . 
From the air , ribbons of yellow fire hose carry water from the bay to high-pressure nozzles trained on the site . 
The issue 's yield rose to 7.93 % from 7.88 % . 
`` It means we 're eating into the bread that keeps us going . 
Next spring , nearly 30 % of its suits will have pleated pants , compared with virtually none a couple of years ago . 
Nashua Corp. , rumored a potential takeover target for six months , said that a Dutch company has sought U.S. approval to buy up to 25 % of Nashua 's shares . 
`` The division will be sold off quite rapidly , '' predicted Neill Junor , an analyst at London brokers County NatWest WoodMac . 
One solution would be to sell the shipyard to an outsider . 
No politician wants to say what I just said , not for a minute . 
The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the vehicles are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34 % during early October . 
Saturday night she dined in an emergency shelter on salmon steaks prepared by chefs from one of the city 's four-star restaurants . 
There 's little doubt that such a move would be immediately challenged in court -- and that it would quickly make its way to the Supreme Court to be ultimately resolved . 
Sales for the quarter rose to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.47 billion . 
But he adds : `` Everybody and his sister have opened up M&A shops . 
Nguyen Van Chan is living proof that old ways die hard . 
He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting a wider trade deficit , slower capital and government spending and the lower inventory figures . 
The chairs are S-Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer . 
`` It 's good exercise , '' he says . 
The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on analyzing factors that caused the Friday plunge and realized these problems were unique to New York stocks and not directly related to Tokyo . 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.57 yen , down from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen . 
The Palestinians are talking elections . 
London had some problems , too . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3427.39 , up 
Capital Associates dropped 1 to 5 3\/8 . 
Long dollar bonds were flat to up 3\/8 point . 
Sales were C$ 4.2 billion compared with C$ 3.7 billion . 
Jessica Mathews , vice president of World Resources Institute in Washington , D.C. , says that perhaps a quarter of Poland 's soil is too contaminated for safe farming because of air pollution . 
Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held , until it reached a maximum of 35 % after seven years . 
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June . 
In Japan , government bond prices fell . 
Such so-called male-sterile plants can then be fertilized by pollen from another strain of the plant , thereby producing hybrid seed . 
`` Claims range from a scratched fender -- and there were an awful lot of cars damaged in this -- to a major processing plant , '' a spokesman said . 
Now shifting his scene from the country he left at five to the England he has lived in for nearly 30 years , he has fashioned a novel in the mode of Henry James and E.M. Forster . 
A recall of the mushrooms blamed for the food poisoning began in early March . 
Beauregard Houston-Montgomery , a New York writer who changed his name from William Stretch in 1980 , is an inveterate name-dropper . 
JAPANESE COMPANIES fare best in U.S. when they give Americans more say . 
The EPO-treated patients donated an average of 5.4 units of blood each compared with only 4.1 units donated by a similar group of surgical patients who received a placebo injection . 
In the first nine months of this year output was 5,377,000 metric tons , down from 5,441,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
New trade accords were signed . 
Three of the largest offerings , by Exxon Capital Corp. , Xerox Corp. and Citicorp , were underwritten by groups led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
The House is scheduled to vote today on an anti-airline-takeover bill that would block , for up to 50 days , any bid for 15 % or more of a U.S. airline , even a straight cash purchase . 
Prevented by the Communist Party from getting on its slate of nominees for the new Supreme Soviet , he stood as an independent candidate for Congress from his native Ukraine and won with 84 % of the vote . 
Depicting the people of a traumatized city reeling from a disaster of unprecedented proportions was at the very best ludicrous under the circumstances . 
U.S. companies tend to favor suggestions `` that go for the home runs , '' says Gary Floss , vice president of corporate quality at Control Data Corp . 
The Communists nearly succeeded in eliminating prostitution after taking over in 1949 , but the practice has returned in recent years with the country 's increased exposure to the outside world . 
Mr. Perlman , who is also acting chief financial officer and the odds-on favorite to become the next chief executive , said the company is achieving `` modest positive cash flow from operations , and we expect that to continue into 1990 . '' 
Even utility stocks are n't all that inexpensive , at an average of 14 times earnings . 
These trade-offs would evolve priorities by revealing when the cost of the B-2 became prohibitive . 
Information systems posted a loss of $ 8 million , compared with a loss of $ 9 million a year earlier . 
Those claims , along with priority employee claims , administrative claims , priority tax claims and administrative convenience claims , are expected to total about $ 16 million . 
In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize `` negative reaction '' from prospective clients and others and to prepare for his defense . 
The court is called the Management Appeals Committee , or just `` MAC , '' and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year . 
While residents claimed a victory , military authorities said they had confiscated the equivalent of more than $ 1.5 million to make up for the unpaid taxes . 
She prefers ` Elizabeth . ' '' 
Other makers of video controller equipment also were caught in the EGA-VGA shift , he said , `` but we were able to respond much more quickly . '' 
In an Oct. 19 letter to A.P. Green 's board , East Rock said the offer is subject to the signing of a merger agreement by no later than Oct. 31 . 
The result is mistrust and criticism from all around . 
Ideally , investment bankers say , he wants to get backing from a Japanese department store and a European department store to forge a global retailing network . 
The company said it would have no further comment . 
The Federal Housing Administration , Veterans Administration and the Department of Housing and Urban Development further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock by `` buying in '' to their foreclosed properties ( of which there are , alas , many ) at an inflated `` balance due '' -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth . 
Dow Jones futures index 129.62 , off 0.51 ; spot index 131.34 , up 0.88 . 
Genentech Inc. said third-quarter profit more than doubled to $ 11.4 million , or 13 cents a share , from a depressed 1988 third-quarter performance of $ 5.3 million , or six cents a share . 
`` The merger is proceeding according to plan , except as to the withdrawal of the Deloitte U.K. firm , '' he said . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.83 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
A lot of car alarms went off . 
This time , there are 30 % more shares outstanding . 
That was higher than the 7.71 % to 7.73 % average yield that traders had expected . 
Now some investment analysts insist that the economic climate has turned cold and gloomy , and they are urging clients to buy bonds before the rally begins . 
CORPORATE security directors increasingly worry that merger mania spawns a rise in employee dishonesty . 
As a result , many youngsters have been unable to obtain the drug and , for the few exceptions , insurance carriers wo n't cover its cost of $ 6,400 a year . 
Two old friends , George Bush and Deng Xiaoping , are trying to limit further damage to U.S.-China ties . 
But there did seem to be a retail activity pickup . 
A United Steelworkers spokeman said Lynn Williams , the union 's president , was out of town . 
Omnicom Group Inc. , New York , reported third-quarter net income rose 54 % to $ 5.6 million , or 22 cents a share , from $ 3.6 million , or 15 cents a share , a year earlier . 
In `` Josephine Baker '' ( Jonathan Cape , 304 pages , $ 35 ) , which was published in Britain last year and distributed in the U.S. this month , Mr. Hammond has used his collection to produce an album of photographs and drawings of the star . 
The takeover-stock traders were hoping that Mr. Davis or one of the other interested parties might re-emerge with the situation in disarray , or that the board might consider a recapitalization . 
That ratio is dangerously close to the ratio of 19.7 that prevailed before the 1987 stock-market crash , Mr. Arbel says . 
`` It 's like an oasis in this room , '' Ms. Foster purrs . 
Once a jury is selected , the consultants often continue to determine what the jurors ' attitudes are likely to be and help shape the lawyers ' presentation accordingly . 
And the practice often varies from location to location even within a company . 
The HyperCard program allows users to design applications for Macintosh computers without having to be hardcore programmers and is distributed with every Macintosh sold . 
Some experts say markets are n't as volatile as widely assumed . 
Because we all were busy riding a wave . 
The per-share loss for the Paramus , N.J. , food-services concern totaled seven cents , compared with earnings of 51 cents a share a year earlier . 
`` The market has been overly harsh to them . '' 
Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Under the proposed combination , Marsh & McLennan would gain a majority stake in Gradmann & Holler that would increase over time to the rest of the remaining 85 % . 
The decision by Merrill , the nation 's largest securities firm , represents the biggest retreat yet from program trading . 
Mr. Rosen is also pushing retail sales . 
Beatrice Co. -- 
The 7 % Treasury bond due October 1999 ended off 0.60 point to 99.35 to yield 7.09 % , while the 6 3\/4 % notes due 1994 fell 0.35 point to 97.25 to yield 7.45 % . 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp. said it suspended indefinitely its common stock dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
The coincidence might lead to the conclusion that short-sellers bet heavily on that day that OTC stocks would decline further . 
The United flight-attendants union agreed to negotiations that could lead to the flight attendants contributing concessions to a revived bid in exchange for an ownership stake . 
Indeed , McCaw seemed to hint at that option in a brief statement . 
In charges filed last week in federal district court in Charlotte , N.C. , the SEC alleged that Venture Capitalists Inc. , Venture Finance Corp. and New Ventures Fund Inc. , all of Charlotte , failed repeatedly to file proper documents . 
The year was misstated in Friday 's editions . 
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % . 
In October , net sales of stock funds at Fidelity dropped sharply , Mr. Hines said . 
The insurance-industry association also strongly disagrees with the proposed community rating , which `` does n't save one dollar , '' argues James Dorsch , HIAA 's Washington counsel . 
Analysts questioned whether Georgia-Pacific will ultimately prevail , saying other paper concerns may make competing bids . 
Mr. Chan used to be an oddity in Hanoi : a private entrepreneur . 
In areas where the freeway made giant concrete sandwiches of itself lie cars that police say have been flattened into foot-thick slabs . 
Mr. Laff 's attorney , John Lang , filed a memorandum asking that the trial record include a secretly taped conversation in which the witness , Henry Lorin , told a Haas stockbroker that Mr. Laff should be killed . 
For the Giuliani forces , it 's a conundrum . 
But Japanese agencies are cautious about expanding abroad because client relationships are different . 
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , Immunex Corp. said . 
This unification was to be brought about through policies and institutions that would unite workers and employers with government in a fully integrated and `` harmonic '' society . 
`` It 's probably a reasonable transition . 
U.S. Treasury bonds , for example , are supersafe when it comes to returning money at maturity . 
`` They ca n't buy feed from the state . 
The much-revised restructuring , which was first announced in October 1988 , must again be approved by shareholders and state casino regulators in Nevada and New Jersey . 
Georgia-Pacific owns 349,900 Nekoosa shares and would need federal antitrust clearance to buy more than $ 15 million worth . 
And CBS takes in the least money in prime time ; ABC and NBC charge 30 % to 35 % more for ads , according to a Variety survey . 
The other five Bay area counties have increased their total damage estimates to $ 2.8 billion . 
( The union will keep a 2 % commission on construction projects . ) 
After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea . 
Sales rose 9 % to $ 7.54 billion from $ 6.95 billion . 
Healthcare operates many of the health-care properties that HealthVest owns . 
Attacks on inflation come with another strategy of capital of a very traditional sort : an assault on wages . 
The letter , dated last Thursday , cited the losses at Valley National , and at United Bank , also of Phoenix , where Mr. Simmons was chairman for 29 years . 
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock-index arbitrage . 
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission plans to restrict dual trading on commodity exchanges , a move almost certain to infuriate exchange officials and traders . 
If positioned over the brain 's motor-control area , the hand-held electromagnets generate nerve impulses that zip down motor nerves and activate muscles , making , say , a finger twitch . 
DPC , an investor group led by New York-based Crescott Investment Associates , had itself filed a suit in state court in Los Angeles seeking to nullify the agreement . 
One photo shows a woman sporting a scar she says was made by a laser beam ( a low-caliber weapon , from the looks of the wound ) . 
But Mr. Hemming said he was n't aware of the nature of the talks under way between committee members and their advisers . 
The investors range from elderly widows to affluent professionals . 
In such situations , you can not write rules in advance , you can only make sure the President takes the responsibility . 
But instead of thanks , Sen. Cranston was treated with cool formality . 
Call from Nov. 24 , 1994 , at 101 1\/2 , declining 1\/4 point a year . 
American Cyanamid Co. -- 1,250,000 common shares , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Mr. Whittington will remain on the main group board as a nonexecutive director . 
It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen . `` 
Mr. Carey will remain a member of the merchant bank 's board . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say they got a look at the books and balked at the price . 
An official at Wako Securities said brokerages ' excessive expectations about recent advances in Tokyu Group shares and real estate issues were dashed Friday . 
However , last week Mr. Webster 's two top CIA deputies said congressional curbs had n't hampered the spy agency 's role in the coup attempt in Panama . 
Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock-market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . 
Paying players at SMU was no casual operation . 
The Senate bill would only deny the deduction until interest is actually paid . 
Then they identified snags in the process . '' 
Mrs. Brown calls the modern-day cultural ambivalence to Filipino a `` language schizophrenia . '' 
If the investment bank can sell the securities at a higher price than it paid the issuer , it makes a profit . 
It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 or 11 hours before quieting down . 
Anheuser noted that `` beer industry sales volume is 1989 is following the trend that has characterized the last half of the '80s , with sales volume being essentially flat '' while consolidation creates fewer , bigger players . 
The offer capped a week of rumors that Georgia-Pacific , an Atlanta-based forest-products company , was considering making a bid for Nekoosa , a paper-products concern based in Norwalk , Conn . 
Investment-grade corporates closed about 1\/4 point higher in quiet trading . 
What makes the most sense is to find someone who wants to buy the whole company or cause a recapitalization of all shares . '' 
But under the proposed guidelines , all federally funded research will have to be reported publicly so that anyone can capitalize on the work . 
Two Japanese scientists said they discovered an antibody that , in laboratory test-tube experiments , kills AIDS-infected cells while preserving healthy cells . 
This bias is in no way deliberate . 
Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Collagen dropped 2 5\/8 to 15 5\/8 on 428,000 shares . 
At a back-yard barbecue , for example , a friend boasts that she 'll only have to pay premiums on her John Hancock policy for seven years and that her death benefits will then be `` guaranteed . '' 
Warner , which is in the process of merging with Time Warner Inc. , says it is willing to settle the matter out of court . 
But advertising revenue is inadequate . 
Other analysts say the Indian leader could retain control with a slim majority or be forced to rule as the dominant partner in a coalition with other parties . 
Mr. Maynard , whose company at the time was based in Santa Ana , Calif. , enlisted his local congressman , and the battle was joined . 
For holders who decide not to tender their shares , Sea Containers will issue one share of preferred stock with a stated value of $ 25 , plus a cash dividend on the common stock . 
But the net interest bill jumped 85 % to A$ 686.7 million from A$ 371.1 million . 
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square . 
Because of the pressure on CenTrust to sell , dealers and collectors have been trying to get the paintings at bargain-basement prices . 
Now , those red applelike things stores sell in summer are fruitbowl lovely , but usually not good eating . 
Mr. Lauder also attacked what he sees as the wide imitation of Elle , a fashion magazine published by Diamandis Communications Inc. , and criticized the practice of stacking ads at the front of magazines . 
The appointment increased the number of directors to 10 , three of whom are company employees . 
`` I believe it will do more damage than good because it will legitimize people like Daniel Ortega , '' says Curtin Windsor , who served as U.S. ambassador to Costa Rica during the Reagan administration . 
`` My staff indicated that had we made such findings in one of our own institutions , we would have sought an immediate cease-and-desist order to stop the hazardous operations , '' Mr. Seidman said . 
$ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 1\/2 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
`` I think you have to give Greenspan a good rating . '' 
That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The move followed a round of similar increases by other lenders against Arizona real estate loans , reflecting a continuing decline in that market . 
Announced and anticipated purchases from foreign countries are also supporting futures prices . 
Weingarten-Siegel Group Inc. of Manalapan , N.J. , has built Cross Creek Pointe , Allegro Pointe and other Pointes in New Jersey . 
A # 320 million ( $ 508 million ) British Airways PLC rights issue flopped badly -- the victim of recent market turbulence and the collapse of the buy-out bid for United Airlines ' parent , UAL Corp . 
In addition , Mrs. Lidgerwood said , Norfolk is likely to draw down its cash initially to finance the purchases and thus forfeit some interest income . 
IBM shares closed at $ 103 , down 50 cents , in Big Board trading . 
Trust income grew 15 % , to $ 49.9 million , while service charges , fees and commissions increased 22 % , to $ 79.4 million . 
The FT-SE 100 largely remained within an 11-point range establshed within the first hour of trading before it eased to an intraday low late in the session when a flurry of program selling pushed Wall Street lower . 
Looking ahead to 1990 , Mr. Sculley predicted `` another year of significant revenue growth , '' along with improved profitability , as the recovery in gross margins continues into 1990 . 
If the IRS asks for and gets a replacement for a check that it concedes it lost in processing , it will reimburse the taxpayer for the stop-payment charge on the original . 
The spinoff should solve a problem for the parent . 
Private Eye had been threatened with closure because it could n't afford the libel payment . 
The dealer said India might be the real factor that is keeping futures prices firm . 
For the nine months , Rohm & Haas net totaled $ 155 million , or $ 2.33 a share , down 17 % from $ 187.8 million , or $ 2.82 a share , a year ago . 
The number of misclassified workers may be in the millions , mostly paid by small firms . 
TV reporters interviewed fans in the parking lots while , a few feet away , others watched the interviews on their portable TVs . 
Quebecor still lags in the Quebec circulars market , while Mr. Peladeau 's former employees are expanding across Canada . 
Nationwide , output of light industrial products declined 1.8 % -- `` the first decline in 10 years , '' a bureau spokesman told China Daily . 
It will be Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major 's first appearance before the opposition Labor Party . 
The first models will ship in the spring , with the largest following in the fall . 
The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with rusty pipes called plumbing , rodents and cockroaches everywhere and nonworking elevators -- and with the building patrolled by gangs and drug dealers . 
Israel provided the State Department with a list of recent alleged terrorist incidents attributed to forces controlled by Arafat , but the U.S. said it was n't satisfied that the incidents constituted terrorism . 
He `` will not be shaken out by external events , however surprising , alarming or vexing ... . 
His original strategy ( in itself a brilliant innovation for spreading a religion ) was to create new economic enterprises each time he wanted to extend and fund his various religious missions . 
At the very least , Mr. Jones , who cultivates the society circuit as eagerly as his bench , can take comfort in one fact : These days , he is n't alone . 
Bay Financial Corp. , hurt by high debts and deteriorating real estate investments , reported a wider loss for the fourth quarter and said it might be forced to seek a bankruptcy-court reorganization if it ca n't renegotiate its borrowings . 
One risk : Investors may regret the restriction if the stock reaches 54 and then falls . 
When the response to criticism is only a better explanation of policies without altering the reasons for the criticism , I am convinced that Mr. Kageyama has still failed to attack the root cause of the problem and is simply treating symptoms . 
James River , a maker of pulp , paper and plastic products , already has interests in tissue businesses in France , Spain , Italy and Turkey . 
It now holds 233,000 A.P. Green common shares , including 30,000 shares bought last Thursday for $ 35.50 to $ 36.50 a share . 
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies . 
`` We 've been listed as a candidate for so long it 's not worth worrying about , '' said Mr. Price . 
Now Mr. Bush will come to Costa Rica and encounter Nicaraguan strongman Daniel Ortega , eager for photo opportunities with the U.S. president . 
In recent years , the airlines had waited until the last moment to court Christmas season vacationers with bargain fares . 
Retired army Chief of Staff Krishnaswami Sundarji discloses in an interview that he suggested in May 1987 that the government cancel the Bofors contract . 
Pacific First Financial Corp. said it signed a non-binding letter of intent to acquire the construction lending unit of Old Stone Bank of California . 
CompuServe provides about 20 % of both sales and earnings . 
After San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos spoke on television of the need for building inspectors to check the soundness of buildings , Los Angeles dispatched 32 inspectors to help . 
Mr. Whittle said that so far , three of the six schools that carried the program in a five-week test last spring have subscribed to the program . 
The company reported a 3.1 % increase in the number of access lines in service , and also said its Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems unit added 30,000 new customers , with a current total of about 333,000 . 
ORGANIZED CRIME Strike Forces likely to be abolished next month . 
`` In the year 2000 it will be one car per family . 
But in a TV interview Sunday Mr. Bond said , `` We 've taken a big loss . 
The need for the loan surprised many analysts and bond holders who had been told at the company 's annual meeting in July that there were n't any major problems ahead . 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
While Mr. Timbers explained he 's `` not totally convinced index arbitrage changes the overall level of the stock market , '' he said that `` on an intraday basis , it has major effects . 
Payment will begin `` as soon as Oct. 25 , '' the company said . 
Traders who sell short borrow stock and sell it , betting that the stock 's price will decline and that they can buy the shares back later at a lower price for return to the lender . 
Mr. Price co-founded MTM in 1969 with U.S. actress Mary Tyler Moore and Grant Tinker , her then-husband . 
Compaq Computer , which had lost 8 5\/8 Thursday following a disappointing quarterly report , gained 5\/8 to 100 5\/8 . 
Following is a weekly listing of unadited net asset values of publicly traded investment fund shares , reported by the companies as of Friday 's close . 
Bank officials , however , showed him the door , and the sale never came off . 
Chemical profits fell to $ 78 million from $ 98 million . 
But owning index futures is n't the same as owning the underlying stocks . 
The dealer said the quantity mentioned in the Japanese announcement is so small that it 's meaningless . 
But their value as investments can be decimated by inflation , which erodes the purchasing power of bonds ' fixed-dollar interest payments . 
`` What he really wanted to know was about a particular company , but you did n't know that . 
`` From a public health point of view we 're relieved because hepatitis A is rarely life-threatening , '' said Dr. Frank Provato , GTE 's medical director . 
The company 's third-quarter earnings were below both analysts ' forecasts and the year-earlier level . 
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . 
CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , was closed yesterday but plans to reopen today or tomorrow . 
Traders credited Euro Disney 's share performance to the tremendous hyping of the project that the shares are destined to help finance : Walt Disney Co. 's 4,800-acre theme park 20 miles east of Paris . 
Computer-generated videos help . 
Unless the Soviet Union collapses , German reunification is likely to require Germany 's neutralization . 
Sales of information-processing products and electric parts increased a strong 22 % to 236.23 billion yen from 194.24 billion yen and accounted for 46 % of total sales . 
Up until now , most stores have followed the same basic overseas strategy : 
`` What a good feeling it would be for me to do that , '' he says he thought . 
Try combining a money fund and an intermediate-term bond fund as a low-risk bet on falling rates , suggests Back Bay Advisors Inc. , a mutual fund unit of New England Insurance Co . 
Earlier this year , public television station WGBH in Boston fired Mr. Vila after a sponsor protested some of his numerous commercial endorsements . 
It is also the sovereign power that , come 1997 , will take over this British colony . 
They 're small time in the small time-hotels ( not the best ones ) and restaurants in Seattle . 
However , the Treasury said it will postpone the auction unless it has assurances of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auction date . 
For the third quarter , revenue increased 1.9 % to $ 2.55 billion from $ 2.51 billion . 
Since they have a lower interest rate , they would n't fall under the junk-bond category that would lose its deductibility . 
You 're looking at a guy whose motorcade was attacked in Bolivia by the drug terrorists , so I 'm personally a veteran of this war . 
`` Landfill -- loose and unconsolidated earth -- may feel like rock but it behaves like liquid when you shake it , '' said Douglas Segar , professor of geosciences at San Francisco State University in a televised interview . 
`` It makes no sense for us to put money at risk when you know you 're going to lose , '' says Mr. Antolini , of Donaldson Lufkin . 
Sorting out the wreckage is expected to take several days . 
But it never did let up on the pressure . 
The chamber also sent to Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 measure that includes the first construction funds for a space station . 
Mr. Carmichael said investors also demanded stricter convenants . 
The capital-gains tax reform is a step toward correcting one of the gravest structural weaknesses of the U.S. economy , the closely connected phenomena of low savings rates , weak capital formation and high capital costs . 
Although it has opened a New Zealand subsidiary , it is still only `` studying '' Japan , the only nation that has n't adopted IBM-oriented specifications . 
He predicts that sales will drop between 30 % and 40 % from last year 's $ 3 million . 
Money funds invest in such things as short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and certificates of deposit , all of which have been posting lower interest rates since last spring . 
In more evidence of the growing division between `` good '' and `` bad '' junk bonds , a $ 150 million issue by Imo Industries Inc. was snapped up by investors while underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers . 
Mr. Krenz almost certainly will be a younger version of Erich Honecker , his rigid predecessor as dictator . 
One technique developed by some of these companies involves a chemical spray supposed to kill only a plant 's pollen . 
Then came the frightening 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and a new wave of stock-market volatility . 
To reinforce employees ' dedication , Mr. Smith pays well . 
Natural upheavals , and most particularly earthquakes , are not only horrible realities in and of themselves , but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed . 
The general public may not know his name , but he 's famous -- make that infamous -- in advertising circles : A marketing consultant , he pioneered slashing ad agency commissions , to the delight of advertising clients and the dismay of agencies . 
New York State Comptroller Edward Regan predicts a $ 1.3 billion budget gap for the city 's next fiscal year , a gap that could grow if there is a recession . 
Colgate 's 1988 net income included $ 40.1 million , or 59 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
Arab officials in Saudi Arabia said three-week-old talks by Lebanese lawmakers aimed at ending Lebanon 's civil war appeared about to collapse . 
In late trading , the shares were up a whopping 122 pence ( $ 1.93 ) -- a 16.3 % gain -- to a record 869 pence on very heavy volume of 9.7 million shares . 
Municipal Issues 
Finally , Scenario 4 reduces the budget by 2 % per year for the next five years -- a total reduction of $ 287 billion . 
Rita Jenrette , the former wife of Abscam-indicted Rep. John Jenrette , has yet to hit it big in Hollywood , although with roles in such movies as `` Zombie Island Massacre '' and `` Aunt Ida 's Bikini Shop , '' she is doing a lot better than her former husband . 
Mr. Patel also was placed on three years ' probation . 
Away from the general obligation sector , activity was modest . 
With the market down , we wanted to tell people to put their orders in on the opening . '' 
Producers also are trying to differentiate by concentrating on higher-profit output , such as coated and electrogalvanized products , which remain beyond the reach of minimills . 
Large pockets of poverty still exist . 
LOCKHEED CORP. , Calabasas , aerospace and defense concern , annual sales of $ 10.59 billion , NYSE , said its Lockheed Missiles & Space division closed its Santa Cruz test facility because of power outages and landslides . 
FIG : 
National Taxpayers Union 
Last year , Cray earned $ 156.6 million , or $ 4.99 a share , on revenue of $ 756.3 million . 
That is the conclusion of a report released by the New York State Bar Association . 
Mr. Gross said he had hoped that a cost savings of $ 450 million would result in even greater growth than the 20 % annual earnings increase AT&T has told analysts it expects in the future . 
`` People are waiting for { new } factory giveaways , '' said Ben Kaye , sales manager of Bob Brest Auto World in Lynn , Mass. , whose sales are slow . 
Revenue rose 3 % to $ 9 million from $ 8.8 million . 
Commodore , West Chester , Pa. , had said in August that it was consolidating manufacturing to cut costs and expected to be profitable in the fiscal first quarter . 
They use dollars to buy Western items such as video recorders and personal computers and then sell them at a huge mark-up . 
In major market activity : Stock prices surged in heavy trading . 
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 . 
`` But we will take it into consideration . '' 
Late last week federal regulators ordered the thrift institution to stop paying dividends on its preferred stock -- a move that suggests deep concern about an institution . 
It adds that births were `` extremely unlikely '' after the fourth cycle and concludes couples who do n't achieve a pregnancy after four to six procedures should be advised that success is unlikely . 
The news also knocked the British unit to below 2.95 marks in London , but a bout of short-covering helped sterling recoup some of its earlier losses . 
And , they warn , any further drop in the government 's popularity could swiftly make this promise sound hollow . 
`` The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company . 
Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , `` His policies went beyond his control and resulted ... in riots and disturbances '' and later a renewed campaign of civil disobedience `` resulted in rioting and a second imprisonment . '' 
In a sign of easing tension between Beijing and Hong Kong , China said it will again take back illegal immigrants caught crossing into the British colony . 
In early trading , investors were bidding bond prices higher as stocks tumbled and fears mounted that Friday 's stock market debacle would be repeated . 
Executives universally believe workers should know their employer-sponsored benefits . 
In his review of `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' Tom Shales , the TV critic of the Washington Post and generally an admirer of CBS , wrote that while the show is `` impressive , ... one has to wonder if this is the proper direction for a network news division to take . '' 
Fresenius owns about 42 % of Delmed 's fully diluted common stock . 
`` People are looking past supply to lower interest rates , but they 're also worried about being whipsawed by the volatility in the stock market . '' 
Credit Lyonnais Australia Ltd . ( French parent ) -- 50 million Australian dollars of 16 1\/4 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 102 to yield 16.03 % less full fees , via Hambros Bank Ltd . 
Provigo was the most active industrial stock on the Montreal Exchange , where it closed at C$ 9.75 ( US$ 8.32 ) , up 75 Canadian cents . 
At the time , Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they `` could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn 's insistence on Wall . '' 
`` If you do n't save your critical people , you wo n't be able to bring up your vital business functions . '' 
Revenue rose 7.6 % to $ 12.97 billion from $ 12.05 billion . 
Du Pont Co. in a couple of units has installed objective tests based on earnings or return on equity . 
Network-access revenue from long-distance telephone companies increased 6.4 % to $ 618.6 million . 
The number one proposal for reducing crime in the New York survey was to put more police on foot or scooter patrol , suggested by more than two-thirds of the respondents . 
`` That was a disappointment '' and a sign of overall computer-market softness in Europe , Mr. Stevens said . 
Even if Wall Street finds ways around the new rules , a Senate aide contends LBOs will become somewhat more difficult . 
Buoyed by the continued inflows into money funds , assets of all mutual funds swelled to a record $ 953.8 billion in September , up fractionally from $ 949.3 billion in August . 
Mr. Bush 's problem is n't so much that he seems to be agonizing over the issue as it is that he seems to vacillate on it . 
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . ) 
Subscribers also get the Classroom Channel , which will feature ad-free educational programming similar to some public-TV shows , and the Educator 's Channel , which will offer instructional programming for teachers and school administrators and will be supported by advertising . 
Ferro also said it would cancel the unused portion of a 1987 buy-back plan for administrative reasons . 
They are in the forefront of opposing the search for new landfills and methods of incineration and even oppose new methods of research such as genetic engineering . 
They worry that new IMF funding of developing countries will simply end up substituting IMF debt for reschedulable commercial bank debt , a bad trade all around . 
The trend is making proponents less optimistic a tax cut will pass . 
`` Before futures , '' says New York investor Michael Harkins , `` you actually had to pay attention to whether the thing you were buying had any intrinsic value . '' 
The problem for Congress will be to weigh what China is saying to its people against the more conciliatory message it is delivering to the Bush administration . 
But there are signs now -- the strikes by miners , Boeing workers , telephone workers , etc. -- that this attack on wages is being more fiercely resisted . 
New Environmentalism is an emotional attack on proven methods of improving our quality of life and a bid for political power . 
But the financial rewards are n't expected soon , nor are they guaranteed . 
And investors , at least for now , took a pass . 
First National Bank of Chicago will act as trustee , and the transaction will be supported by an 8 % letter of credit issued by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd. , Chicago branch . 
CRRES is a joint NASA-Air Force satellite to study the effects of space radiation on micro-electronic components . 
But healthy skepticism is only a small reason for Japan 's PC lag . 
I have never seen a case of incompetence shared by so many participants . '' 
There is demand for state-of-the-art machine tools in the Soviet Union and in other Eastern European countries as those nations strive to improve the efficiency of their ailing factories as well as the quality of their goods . 
Unknown to Mr. Tharp , he had fouled his net on a special IRS project to catch catfish farmers and haulers inclined to cheat on their taxes . 
It also prevents the conduct of a policy that has a long-term rationale , because it leaves the Fed guessing about what are the expectations of its masters , the politicians , who have never had to consider the long-term consequences of monetary policy . 
As of Sept. 30 , Philip Morris had 926 million shares outstanding . 
THROUGHOUT THE 1980s , investors have been looking for creative alternatives to traditional modes of financial planning . 
The IRS assessed the clinic $ 350,000 in back payroll taxes . 
Many money managers are bracing for a decline in stocks of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets . 
SA Brewing , an Australian brewer , last Thursday was given approval to acquire an option for up to 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp . 
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial public offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 will be offered by the company and 334,774 will be offered by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , Hambrecht & Quist Inc. and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson . 
Terms were n't disclosed , but Duriron said the deal will be completed through an exchange of stock . 
For the nine months , Arco reported net income of $ 1.6 billion , or $ 8.87 a share , up 33 % from $ 1.2 billion , or $ 6.56 a share a year earlier . 
That would leave USX essentially an oil company with Marathon as its core . 
Amerada Hess 
`` The freeze on new lending is dealing the single biggest blow to trading , '' says Raymond Wong , China manager for Mannesmann AG , a West German machinery-trading company . 
Those companies , in turn , paid Mr. Peterson commissions and fees , the suit alleges . 
For the quarter , Textron said aerospace revenue , including Bell helicopter and jet-engine manufacture , declined 9.8 % to $ 755.9 million from $ 838.3 million , an indication of slowing government defense work . 
Stock funds , like the market as a whole , generally dropped more than 2 % in the week through last Thursday , according to figures compiled by Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
But Drexel has made it clear it could mount a significant legal battle in each state if its license is revoked , according to state officials . 
Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made . 
Universal Studios was working on a competing film , but the studio and its producers ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Guber Peters and Warner . 
Despite recent declines in interest rates , money funds continue to offer better yields than other comparable investments . 
According to West German government sources , Mr. Honecker and several senior Politburo members fought over the last week to delay any decisions about a leadership change . 
Hecla Mining rose 5\/8 to 14 ; Battle Mountain Gold climbed 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 ; Homestake Mining rose 1 1\/8 to 16 7\/8 ; Lac Minerals added 5\/8 to 11 ; Placer Dome went up 7\/8 to 16 3\/4 , and ASA Ltd. jumped 3 5\/8 to 49 5\/8 . 
Yesterday , the spokeswoman said sales of Delmed products through the exclusive arrangement with National Medical accounted for 87 % of Delmed 's 1988 sales of $ 21.1 million . 
Japan has been testing imported food from Europe since the April 1986 Chernobyl accident in the Soviet Union , the spokesman said . 
Revenue rose 15 % , to $ 36 million from $ 31.2 million . 
Peter Georgescu , president of Y&R 's ad operations , will assume Mr. Klein 's day-to-day role . 
( Ms. Ohlman , the Grand Rapids masseuse , says she has heard the odd-looking contraption compared to something out of the Spanish Inquisition . ) 
Others were more cautious . 
The mural , now valued at $ 1.3 million according to appraisers , was tossed in a trash heap in 1971 by workers who were renovating the building . 
In response to this , the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free-market accomplishments . 
In the wake of a slide in sterling , a tailspin in the stock market , and a string of problematic economic indicators , British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson promised gradual improvement in the U.K. economy . 
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 12 classes by Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika . 
As of Sept. 30 , Mercury 's assets were $ 2.25 billion , down from $ 2.62 billion a year ago . 
As expected , Kellogg reported lower third-quarter earnings . 
Shippers cut about $ 35 billion from their annual , inter-city truck and rail costs , to about $ 150 billion , or about 6.4 % of gross national product , down from 8 % of GNP in 1981 . 
It turned out their children had been dialing a `` sex fantasy '' service in the U.S. . 
He says the big questions -- `` Do you really need this much money to put up these investments ? Have you told investors what is happening in your sector ? What about your track record ? -- `` are n't asked of companies coming to market . 
But the new guidelines could prevent scientists like Prof. Schimmel from being involved with start-ups such as Amira , venture capitalists point out . 
The exhibition by the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade and Economic Council underscores the growing U.S. interest in that nation 's market , though trade between the two countries is a minuscule $ 3 billion . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.24 , off 0.25 ; spot index 130.76 , off 0.88 . 
But now at least there 's a glimmer of hope for the stock . 
The country has in recent years accepted more than 500,000 refugees from at least four bordering nations . 
`` Our president said acquisition is an effective method . '' 
`` This is not a grossly overvalued market , but it 's not cheap either , '' says George Collins , president of the mutual fund company T. Rowe Price Associates in Baltimore . 
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy-chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely . 
Rearding the suit over the bank bid , Mr. Peterson says it is filled with `` inflammatory language and half truths . '' 
( There are seven major languages and more than 70 dialects in the country . ) 
WATKINS-JOHNSON CO. , defense-oriented electronics manufacturer , annual sales $ 292 million , NYSE , minor damage to headquarters and plant in Palo Alto , no damage to San Jose plant , `` still assessing '' damage at Scotts Valley plant , where main product is furnaces for semiconductor production . 
But I am sure we need to maximize our `` earthquake '' protection by making certain that our market structures let investors add their mighty shock-damping power to our nation 's markets . 
-- Speed up the process for removing a pesticide that is n't an imminent hazard . 
LUTHER BURBANK CROSS-BRED PLANTS to produce the billion-dollar Idaho potato . 
Commodore International expects to post its second consecutive quarterly loss because of weak personal computer sales in some markets . 
General Electric Co. was given an $ 89.6 million Navy contract for nuclear propulsion parts . 
PWA said it also expects to announce by Tuesday whether it will take delivery of all 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft it previously ordered . 
Woodbridge is a holding company owned by Toronto 's Thomson family . 
He predicts a downward move in dollar-mark trade and a less dramatic slip in dollar-yen , noting that there continues to be a large pool of Japanese investor interest in U.S. securities , which could provide a solid base for the dollar at around 140 yen . 
Amex issues with big percentage price gains included two Eastern Air Lines preferred stocks , reacting to the news about improved recovery in flight schedules after the company filed for bankruptcy protection . 
Third-quarter sales in Europe were exceptionally strong , boosted by promotional programs and new products -- although weaker foreign currencies reduced the company 's earnings . 
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 . 
Pencil pushers chew and put the plastic models behind their ears just like traditional pencils made of glued strips of California incense cedar filled with ceramic lead . 
Also closely watched is Exxon Corp. , where short interest slid to 4,469,167 shares from 5,088,774 . 
The apparel maker would n't disclose terms of the agreement . 
The poverty rate of children under 18 years old dropped last year to 19.7 % from 20.5 % in 1987 , but remained far higher than a decade ago . 
The average recession lasts about a year . 
`` We 'll never have a big operation in the U.S. , and they 'll never have one as big as us in the Pacific , '' Mr. Eddington says . 
That 's four times as fast as the 386 . 
What Mr. Major and Mrs. Thatcher will do now remains to be seen . 
After then , the House measure would boost the tax rate to 28 % and exclude from tax the gain attributable to inflation . 
ITT also forecast a fourth-quarter blow to earnings from the California earthquake . 
To viewers from a distance , visitors to the spot seemed to shrink disproportionately , relative to the background . 
Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous , reassuring , and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are . 
The Health and Human Services Department currently forbids the National Institutes of Health from funding abortion research as part of its $ 8 million contraceptive program . 
( The commercial features , among others , the voice of Martin Luther King Jr. , the slain civil rights leader . ) 
The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence Committee . 
For example , a group of long-term Treasury bonds tracked by Merrill Lynch & Co. produced a total return of 1 % in the first quarter , 12.45 % in the second quarter and -0.06 % in the third quarter . 
Wives May Not Benefit When Men Do Chores 
While many investors are selling parts of their portfolios to buy the new issues , prices on India 's 16 stock exchanges are holding up so far . 
The Georgia-Pacific offer has definitely changed the landscape , '' said Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co . 
The $ 13 billion the Fed injected into the money markets after the 1987 crash is more than enough to buy all the stocks traded on a typical day . 
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group . 
Previously , no OPEC member had been willing to accept a reduction in its percentage share of the group 's total output target , or ceiling . 
But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers than normal . 
In addition to the $ 15.6 billion of Treasury bills to be sold at next week 's regular Monday auction , the government will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year Treasury notes . 
`` What happened with United was a gracious way for him to bow out . '' 
The company says it will increase its international advertising 35 % in 1990 , with bourbon representing most of that amount . 
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader . 
The Fletcher Challenge Canada stake was then canceled , Doman said , raising Doman 's interest in Western Forest to 56 % . 
In a move that complements the company 's basic strategy , its Westmoreland Energy Inc. unit is developing four coal-fired cogeneration plants with a partner in Virginia . 
The disciplinary proceedings stem from trading in April 1987 . 
In Chicago , for example , size is the issue . 
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public-relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator . 
The projects already under construction will increase Las Vegas 's supply of hotel rooms by 11,795 , or nearly 20 % , to 75,500 . 
International Paper and Weyerhaeuser declined to comment . 
In one consumer focus group , a fan declared that , `` Campbell 's soup is like getting a hug from a friend . '' 
Yet in Mr. Laband 's rehash of free-market logic , human greed and self-interest are the only permissible psychological reactions . 
On a commercial scale , the sterilization of the pollen-producing male part has only been achieved in corn and sorghum feed grains . 
Terms on both deals were n't disclosed . 
Mr. Tannenbaum is a reporter in the Journal 's New York bureau . 
A proposed conflict-of-interest policy for federally funded biomedical researchers may thwart many high-technology new ventures , say financiers , researchers and university administrators . 
`` We think we can take it to the 18 % range over next 18 to 24 months , '' he said . 
After the earthquake two weeks ago , brokers say companies scrambled to replace reinsurance coverages again and Lloyd 's syndicates turned to the London market excess lines for protection of their own . 
Elsewhere , Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery was quoted at 98 18\/32 bid , up 5\/32 from late Monday , to yield about 9.333 % to a 12-year average life assumption . 
Under United Illuminating 's plan , a new holding company would be formed to own the two companies . 
Civil disobedience , violent or non-violent , is intentional law breaking . 
William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter . 
But `` these wide swings scare them to death . '' 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
The machine is essentially a mainframe computer , he said . 
That 's a question a lot of people are asking , following the stock market 's stunning display of volatility . 
In his letter , Mr. Finkelstein also referred to the recent San Francisco earthquake . 
`` This is a good move , but it only gets you to where people 's expectations already are , '' in terms of earnings growth , said Joel D. Gross , an analyst with Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
The awards are evidence that Silicon Graphics ' approach to computer graphics is catching on with users of powerful desktop computers , analysts said . 
Proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt at the beer and food concern , said Robert Vaux , vice president , finance . 
Donaldson Lufkin would n't comment . 
Ingalls Shipbuilding Inc. , a division of Litton Industries Inc. , was given a $ 15.5 million extension on a contract for shipyard services . 
Bonn and Washington are leading supporters of Poland 's request for a $ 1 billion stand-by credit from the International Monetary Fund . 
Black & Decker rescued Emhart from the takeover bid of Topper Limited Partnership last March by agreeing to acquire the maker of door locks and gardening tools for about $ 2.8 billion . 
Without question , something intriguing is going on in the policy chambers of the Politburo . 
The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards , says Mr. Covert . 
According to Chinese customs figures , import growth has slowed in recent months , dropping to 16 % in July and 7.1 % in August from the year-earlier periods , compared with an average growth rate of 26 % in the first half . 
Mr. Baker says he has personally bested more than 50 haunts , from aliens to poltergeists . 
Broader averages also posted modest gains . 
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) even added report language listing $ 49.4 million in projects he wants in the budget next year . 
`` It is very clear that those buy orders came from people who wanted their franchise protected , '' said one Chicago-based futures trader . 
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker `` as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated . 
`` The rate of failures will be much more than the rate of successes in the mega-projects , '' says G.S. Patel , a former chairman of the giant , government-run mutual fund , the Unit Trust of India . 
This year , for the first time , Desc and other customers were consulted well in advance of the Pemex plant 's shutdown to ensure minimal inconvenience . 
`` I ate a bad tuna sandwich , got food poisoning and had to have a shot in my shoulder , '' he says , making it too painful to row . 
That news , plus recent signs of economic sluggishness , greatly increases pressure on the Federal Reserve to ease credit further , which in turn would be good news for stocks , investment managers say . 
Nissan 's market share in Japan had been dropping year by year since the beginning of the decade . 
`` Those who testified { yesterday } have consistently maintained that anyone who did n't agree with them is part of a coverup , a whitewash , or the subject of excessive influence , '' Mr. Bickwit said . 
A compromise between bulls and bears puts remaining assets and cash -- including its 44 % stake in its publicly traded pipeline -- at $ 2 billion . 
Insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on favorable brokerage recommendatons and talk of continental European interest in British life and composite insurers . 
Rounding-off keeps them at $ 1 . 
Eliminating the earnings limit would greatly help seniors and reduce the deficit . 
Farm-machine makers such as Caterpillar and Deere work in the metric system . 
Study halls , complete with reference materials , will be available . 
The most popular plays of the day were insurance companies such as General Re Corp. , which rose $ 2.75 to $ 86.50 , Nac Re Corp. , up $ 2 to $ 37.75 , American International Group Inc. , up $ 3.25 to $ 102.625 , and Cigna Corp. , up 87.5 cents to $ 62.50 . 
In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . 
In 1989 , Illinois , Kansas , Ohio , Oregon and South Carolina have adopted rights laws , the Federation of Tax Administrators , a state officials ' group , reports ; the features vary . 
The ambitious Warsaw project still awaits approval by city officials . 
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn.-based company . 
For the nine months , net increased 14 % to $ 217.5 million , or $ 3.09 a share . 
NASA said it will take about a week before it knows exactly how many centers of the 6,000 connected to Internet were affected and the extent of the damage , if any . 
I guess we 're all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but dreaded aftershock . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 
Sluggish sales of the Beretta and Corsica spurred GM to offer $ 800 rebates on those cars . 
They have since mellowed , although one senior Young & Rubicam executive , echoing others , said : `` I think ad agencies owe Carl { Spielvogel } a vote of thanks for getting him out of the consulting business . '' 
The union , though , has called the offer `` insulting . '' 
Cable & Wireless benefited from a market squeeze , bouncing 13 to 498 in moderately active volume . 
-- Sophomore football player . 
Mr. O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee this week , a spokesman said . 
The Association of California Insurance Companies estimated damage to residential property could total $ 500 million , but only $ 100 million to $ 150 million is insured , it said . 
Japanese department stores are also wary of attracting negative publicity . 
On Oct. 20 , the town 's mayor , Robert Reid , made an announcement on behalf of CBS during half-time at the Middletown High School football game asking for volunteers . 
For greater efficiency , employees at those locations will be reorganized into teams responsible for managing the properties under their jurisdiction , Mobil said . 
The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful . 
But he put off a firm decision while his aides and legislators searched for a compromise that would tighten requirements for such abortions in a way acceptable to the president . 
Sales rose 6.2 % to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.37 billion . 
Quotron said that snafu , which lasted nine minutes , resulted from a failure to adjust for a 4-for-1 stock split at Philip Morris Cos . 
But it is estimated that at least three million barrels a day -- and possibly as much as seven million barrels a day -- of spare capacity still exists within OPEC . 
Dow closed at $ 94.625 a share , up 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
MCI traded as low as 41 3\/8 during the session . 
Federated ran into a cash crunch after it was acquired last year by Campeau , which relied heavily on debt to finance the transaction . 
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment . 
In addition , Tandy will acquire rights to the Victor and Micronic names for computers . 
After 75 years there may be a few things that are worth reexamining . 
Photographic developers , for example , bought equipment to recover silver from spent photographs , negatives and processing solutions . 
They should never be on . 
Critics contend that traders were putting buying or selling for their own accounts ahead of other traders ' customer orders . 
Surviving scandal has become a rite of political passage at a time when a glut of scandal has blunted this town 's sensibility . 
As a result , Canada 's trade surplus with the U.S. narrowed to C$ 656.5 million ( US$ 558 million ) in August from C$ 1.23 billion ( US$ 1.04 billion ) in July . 
In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below . 
Although Mr. Freeman is retiring , he will continue to work as a consultant for American Express on a project basis . 
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ... 
The government moved aggressively to open the spigots of federal aid for victims of the California earthquake , but its reservoir of emergency funds must be replenished soon if the aid is to continue . 
`` We will have a reasonably flat year this year , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
One of the commission 's recommendations was that a single agency , probably the Federal Reserve , should coordinate regulation of all financial markets . 
His attorney could n't be reached for comment . 
Only the bravest spirits survive such roller coasters . 
NEWSPAPERS : 
But separate reports from Joshua Weiner and Denise Spence of the Brookings Institution and Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that `` a surprisingly small proportion '' -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers but `` spend down '' to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they die or are discharged . 
A hearing is set for Nov. 15 , but participants do n't expect a resolution until July 1990 . 
`` In general , it was a bearish close , '' said Ben Hanauer , a copper trader at Rudolph Wolff & Co. , a major commodities trading and brokerage firm . 
Most are from independent producers instead of regulated utilities , and Westinghouse believes it will ride a wave of demand stretching over the next six years . 
The process typically begins when an institution , such as Citibank or Sears , Roebuck & Co. , takes a pool of credit-card or other receivables and sells them to a specially created trust . 
Tom Schumacher , executive vice president and general manager of the California Trucking Association in Sacremento , said his organization urged trucking firms to halt all deliveries into the Bay area yesterday , except for emergency-medical supplies . 
In the past , says Armco 's chief economist John Corey , steelmakers made a product and set it out on the loading dock . 
Why , a Bob Gates might even have said , `` Nor are Soviet problems susceptible to rescue from abroad through abundant Western credits . '' 
Yesterday 's announcements helped spark a midday wave of program selling in the stock market . 
These programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning , identifying sources of funds , and for acquiring a site and preparing it . 
The release of several economic reports had little impact on the market , including a report that the U.S. trade deficit expanded to a surprisingly wide $ 10.77 billion in August , up from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July . 
More enemies to be dealt with . 
White House Budget Director Richard Darman has said he would continue to press to keep the capital-gains provision in the final version of the bill unless the House drops many of its costly provisions . 
Many Indians fear a repeat of that experience . 
On Aug. 1 , the state tore up its controls , and food prices leaped . 
That sort of workhorse performance sounds made to order for a time when corporate profits overall have been weakening from the brisk increases of recent years . 
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting . 
Allstate Insurance Co. , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , said about 23 % of its personal property policyholders -- about 28 % in the San Franciso area -- also have earthquake coverage . 
But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out . 
`` It sounded like something out of Ian Fleming , '' Mr. Engelken recalls . 
Not everyone is so pessimistic . 
The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 22 million , or five cents a share , but in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs . 
Insurers struggled to to get a firm grasp on the volume of claims pouring into their offices . 
Mr. Smith said statements about the contract made in SEC filings were made by attorneys who did have access to the contracts but who were n't part of the negotiations between Sony and the duo . 
VALLEY National Corp. -- 
And it treats such activities in a frivolous , cavalier fashion , with total indifference to common sense and public safety . 
He said the company has cut operating expenses by about 10 % over the last few quarters , while maintaining research and development at about 8 % to 9 % of sales . 
Portfolio A : Retired couple , age 65 ; $ 400,000 portfolio . 
His general-election campaign is almost Reagan-like , all muted pictures and comforting words . 
`` We 've run into a market that was beginning to run out of steam and get frothy , '' he says . 
He said he believes the bank loan , to be arranged by February , will supply about half of the financing . 
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year-earlier level . 
A group of 27 Senators has written Mr. Kemp urging him to reject Cranston-Mitchell and focus on programs that empower the poor rather than create vast new government obligations . 
Dealers said it was hit by some profit-taking after gains since mid-week . 
Courtaulds ' restructuring is among the largest thus far in Britain , though it is dwarfed by B.A.T Industries PLC 's plans to spin off roughly # 4 billion in assets to help fend off a takeover bid from Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
Digital Equipment Corp. is planning a big coming-out party on Tuesday for its first line of mainframe computers . 
MCA and Cineplex 's other major shareholder , Montreal-based financier Charles Bronfman and his associates , have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder . 
All the precise types of federal aid that will be sent to California wo n't be determined until state officials make specific requests to FEMA , agency officials said . 
Until then , Conseco said the stock remains convertible into common stock at the rate of 1.439 shares of common stock for each share of preferred stock , which is equivalent to a conversion price of $ 17.50 a common share . 
Assuming final enactment this month , the prohibition will take effect 96 days later , or in early February . 
George Douglas , first vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , says that individuals have a particular edge now in `` small to medium-size niche companies with exciting earnings prospects '' -- a traditional stomping ground for small investors . 
The largest was the $ 12 billion merger creating Bristol-Myers Squibb Co . 
Wilmer Cutler 's brief argues that there is no mandatory appellate review of capital sentences and that the inmate who filed the appeal lacks proper standing . 
Last week 's discerning audience gave a bigger hand to a greenhouse than to the tenor Neil Shicoff , who sang an aria inside it . 
Credit Local de France -- 100 million Swiss francs of 6 % , privately placed notes due Dec. 1 , 1996 , priced at 100 1\/2 to yield 5.91 % , via Swiss Bank Corp . 
Seventy years old and a self-declared `` scientific socialist , '' President Barre has a power base , composed only of his minority Mareham clan , that according to observers is `` narrowing . '' 
The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran-Contra , and that apparently is n't going to change . 
Indeed , the older couple 's portfolio could actually be riskier in that sense if the expected return wo n't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans . 
Dow Jones industrials 2643.65 , up 4.92 ; transportation 1247.87 , off 6.40 ; utilities 213.97 , off 0.57 . 
Federal credit programs date back to the New Deal , and were meant to break even financially . 
Mr. Engelken moved south to Washington , but he took with him enduring memories of the homer of 1951 . 
An earnings disappointment may reflect a situation that 's short-term . 
Kajima advanced 40 to 2,120 and Ohbayashi added 50 to 1,730 . 
Mr. Nakamura cites the case of a customer who wants to build a giant tourism complex in Baja and has been trying for eight years to get around Mexican restrictions on foreign ownership of beachfront property . 
One unit , called the Escort , uses a new digital signal-processing technology to detect radar signals much sooner than was previously possible , the company said . 
The Arthritis Foundation , the American Cancer Society and the United Way of America all say that they spend roughly 90 % of their income on programs , not overhead . 
The machinists lobbied heavily against the original bid from UAL pilots and management for the company . 
He 'll be there wherever there 's money to be made , laughs Mr. Kori , the secretary . 
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again . 
The Supreme Court let stand a New York ruling that all manufacturers of an anti-miscarriage drug are liable for injuries or deaths if the actual maker is n't known . 
`` It 's a very small shop . '' 
The agreement is contingent on certain government approvals and should be completed later this year . 
But the bankers got cold feet recently as government officials complained they had been misled about the shipyard 's actual financial condition , and hinted the credit guarantees might be withdrawn . 
The British government also strongly opposes the charter in its current form . 
U.K. base rates are at their highest level in eight years . 
The value of the company has changed . '' 
The experiment , applicable to many genetic disorders , involved beta-thalassemia , a severe blood anemia resulting from a missing hemoglobin gene . 
Newly acquired assets would get a bigger break than those currently held . 
`` Junk bonds are a highly stratified market , '' said Lewis Glucksman , vice chairman of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Traders estimated that Bear , Stearns bought more than 1 million shares . 
Deutsche Bank AG , which last year arranged a three billion mark credit for the Soviet Union , is now moving to become the first West German bank to set up independent business offices in Hungary and Poland as they shift to free-market economies . 
In addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings . 
An initial batch of Mr. Jackson 's checks was on sale at a baseball-card show held in San Francisco over Labor Day weekend . 
At current allocations , that means EPA will be spending $ 300 billion on itself . 
It estimates the time between college graduation and the awarding of a Ph. D. has lengthened by 30 % over the past 20 years , with the average gap now ranging from about 7.4 years in the physical sciences to 16.2 years in education . 
Some in Washington contend that it 's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC . 
B.A.T Industries won shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off Sir James Goldsmith . 
Older properties that still have a 1950s image are also vulnerable . 
Maidenform Inc. loves to be intimate with its customers , but not with the rest of the public . 
However , nationally , Mr. Pilevsky controls through limited partnerships about 85 shopping centers with about 17 million square feet . 
Macy acquired those three businesses in May 1988 . 
In any new proposal , British Air would expect a greater rate of return than the 20%-plus in the original proposal . 
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase . 
The reductions should be complete by the end of the year , a spokesman said , adding that the exact number to be cut has n't been determined . 
Current quotations would reflect the combined financial judgment of all market participants -- not just those of intermediaries who become extremely risk-averse during times of crisis . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 39.55 points to 2683.20 . 
Mr. Kim of J. Walter Thompson does n't think so . 
The yen 's softness , she says , apparently stems from Japanese investors ' interest in buying dollars against the yen to purchase U.S. bond issues and persistent worries about this year 's upheaval in the Japanese government . 
Thomson Corp. 's Globe & Mail newspaper in November will begin transmitting an experimental edition to selected subscribers ' facsimile machines . 
The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license or register professionals and businesses ; from exchange agreements with the IRS , 24 other states , and two Canadian provinces , and even from phonebook Yellow Pages . 
The natural resources development concern said proceeds will be used to repay long-term debt , which stood at 598 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 510.6 million ) at the end of 1988 . 
The devices could help indicate when surgery would help , says Charles Tator , a University of Toronto neurosurgeon . 
He added that San Francisco 's trolley cars and trolley buses were also running at full service levels . 
Property-tax relief is likely . 
Merkur was originally aimed at enticing into Lincoln-Mercury dealerships the kind of young , affluent buyers who would n't be caught dead in a Town Car -- a vehicle so bargelike that Ford is staging a press event next month linking the Town Car 's launch to the commissioning of a new aircraft carrier in Norfolk , Va . 
`` But it 'll sure make you poorer . '' 
`` We do not come to this House asking for any handout , '' said the California Democrat . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments . 
`` But instead of gathering their input piecemeal , we formed the team , which reached consensus on the proposal objectives and produced a statement of work to guide all the functions that were involved . '' 
Likewise , certificates of deposit on average posted lower yields in the week ended Tuesday . 
Along the way , the quake toppled a mall in Santa Cruz , knocked down buildings in San Francisco 's fashionable Marina District and sent a wall of bricks crashing on motorists in the city 's Financial District . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Market participants hope today 's GNP report will offer more substantial evidence on U.S. economic growth , although analysts are quick to point out that the figures may overstate the economy 's vigor . 
`` Publishers will find that some magazines have served their purpose and should die , '' he added . 
Delta Air Lines fell 1 7\/8 to 67 7\/8 , USAir Group dropped 3\/4 to 40 1\/4 , Southwest Airlines dipped 1\/2 to 25 and Alaska Air Group slid 3\/8 to 24 1\/4 . 
Benjamin Jacobson & Sons has been the New York Stock Exchange specialist firm in charge of trading stock in UAL Corp. and its predecessors since the early 1930s . 
Among them , `` banana farmers . '' 
Fittingly , the Tela Accords were nicknamed by Hondurans `` the Dodd plan . '' 
They say the longer the warranty , the longer customers will automatically return to new-car dealers , which then find non-warranty work that might otherwise go to repair shops . 
W.J. Usery Jr. , labor secretary during the Ford administration , was named to mediate talks to settle the six-month strike by the UMW . 
Other casino owners , Circus Circus among them , are financing their expansion with their own cash and revolving credit lines from local lenders such as First Interstate Bank of Nevada . 
Linking up Showtime with the largest cable operator in the U.S. could sharply boost its subscribers . 
IN SIZING UP the risks of stock-market investments , there 's probably no starting place better than `` beta . '' 
The volume of red cells donated by the EPO-treated patients was 41 % higher per donor , the research team representing a number of hospitals and blood banks reported . 
Worse , the properties then sit around deteriorating for maybe a year or so , but are resold eventually ( because of the attractiveness of the low down payment , etc . ) to a marginal buyer who ca n't afford both the mortgage and needed repairs ; and having little vested interest that buyer will walk away and the vicious cycle repeats itself all over again . 
The transaction places the three executives squarely at the helm of a major agency with the rather unwieldy name of Eurocom WCRS Della Femina Ball Ltd. , or EWDB . 
Mrs. Stinnett says she never believed in ghosts before , but lately her vacuum cleaner turned itself on , a telephone flew off its stand , doors slammed inexplicably , and she heard footsteps in her empty kitchen . 
Striking workers , who began striking five diamond mines on Oct. 13 , had returned to work last week when the union and De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations . 
Three companies began trading over the counter . 
I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , '' he says . 
The battery of legal documents filed in the past week in connection with the suit provide a peek into the inner workings of this Hollywood dogfight . 
It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 
Warner has a five-year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio . 
But , with public demonstrations in the country growing in size and intensity , Mr. Honecker and several key allies lost out in this battle , officials say . 
`` It 's like panning for gold outside of Grand Central Station . 
The company earned $ 191.1 million , or $ 2.79 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
The law could redound to the advantage of brokers and banks , who incur high administrative costs to deliver securities to investors . 
`` Texans can sniff a phony a mile away , '' the narrator warns outsiders . 
Mr. Foley of Lloyds noted that Mr. Lawson 's replacement , John Major , the British foreign minister , will take time to establish his credibility and , in the meantime , sterling could trend downward in volatile trade . 
IRAs were like stepchildren there . 
That 's a break from Compaq tradition , because the company does n't announce products until they 're actually at the dealers . 
In 1986 , Mr. Simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Resolution Trust Corp . 
Mr. Allen quickly ran up against the liberal establishment again , which somehow elevated the vague concept of `` Indian rights '' above the rights of individual Indians . 
`` We just have n't learned what it takes to compete . 
These insurance company contracts feature some of the same tax benefits and restrictions as non-deductible individual retirement accounts : Investment gains are compounded without tax consequences until money is withdrawn , but a 10 % penalty tax is imposed on withdrawals made before age 59 1\/2 . 
We had great success in Somalia . 
Sierra Tucson , an initial public offering , made the most active list . 
Ashland expects that sale to be complete next year . 
SsangYong , which has only about 3 % of the domestic market , will sell about 18,000 of its models this year , twice as many as last year . 
PLASTIC PENCILS , CODE-NAMED E-71 , made their hush-hush debut in children 's pencil boxes at five-and-dime stores in 1973 . 
One of the most prominent features is the requirement that in three years all exchanges have in place a system that records all trades by a source independent of the executing broker . 
New York City bonds have been beaten down for three straight weeks . 
The Whitbread spirits auction `` is an extremely interesting development ... and naturally we 'll be considering it carefully , '' a Grand Met spokesman said . 
Some analysts said AMR Chairman Robert Crandall might seize the opportunity presented by the stock price drop to protect the nation 's largest airline with a defensive transaction , such as the sale of stock to a friendly holder or company employees . 
A cross-state econometric investigation , furthermore , reveals that , holding other factors constant , the difference between a state 's major-party vote going to the Republican gubernatorial candidate and the Republican share of the lower state house is a positive function of the state tax rate . 
`` We 've had a few bombs , '' admits Mr. Peters . 
Any push for a Gorbachev vision of a `` common European home , '' implying the eventual dissolution of the EC , a Soviet-German partnership and the withdrawal of U.S. forces , `` would be a very , very serious problem , '' he says . 
The court also questioned a crediting mechanism that could be used to resolve take-or-pay liabilities . 
That 's the view of some analysts here who argue that Britain 's leading maker of luxury cars still may have two U.S. auto giants battling for it . 
Recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions , and political donations may have been made with the intent to bribe . 
List prices on the heavier Texas Instrument laptops will be $ 4,999 for the TI Model 25 , with a 20 megabyte disk drive , and $ 5,599 for the 40-megabyte Model 45 . 
Apple recently hired its first Japanese president , luring away an official of Toshiba 's European operations , as well as a whole Japanese top-management team . 
`` The Giants struck first , winning the opener , 3-1 , on a two-run homer off Dodger right-hander Ralph Branca , '' Mr. Engelken recalls with precision today . 
Indeed , abortion-rights activists still face their greatest tests . 
A formal blessing of sorts was bestowed on this friendship in April when Mikhail and Raisa Gorbachev stopped here for talks with Irish Prime Minister Charles Haughey . 
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so . 
The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too , but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself . 
Traders said the buy programs came from very large institutional accounts that were also active in the stock-index futures markets . 
The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees . '' 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Home taping of pre-recorded music cuts into record industry revenues , but banning home taping would hurt consumers even more . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled new optical transmission systems for data , video and voice communications . 
Atlantic City casino owner Donald Trump is scouting the Las Vegas market with an eye toward building an appropriately spectacular place . 
About half of Western Digital 's business is overseas , and Mr. Johnson expects that proportion to continue . 
West German government bonds fell as much as 0.60 point in light , nervous trading . 
Stevric 's principals , Richard and Steven Buckley , said they led the acquisition group that acquired the Nathan 's Famous Inc. restaurant chain and subsequently served as the top officers of the company . 
However , the short interest figures reported by brokerage and securities clearing firms to the National Association of Securities Dealers include only those trades completed , or settled , by Oct. 13 , rather than trades that occurred on that day , according to Gene Finn , chief economist for the NASD . 
However , when powerful forces start shaking the market 's structure , the more `` earthquake-resistant '' it is , the better its chance for survival . 
Then , it rebounded to finish down only 18.65 points . 
Weisfield 's Inc. said it is in preliminary discussions regarding the possible sale of the company . 
A poll of South Koreans showed overwhelming opposition to efforts to curb dog-meat consumption just because it offends foreigners . 
Traders nervously watching their Quotron electronic-data machines yesterday morning were stunned to see the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummet 99 points in seconds . 
I 've got limited production , and I ca n't give it to underperformers . '' 
APARTHEID FOES STAGED a massive anti-government rally in South Africa . 
Senator Byrd is chairman of the Appropriations Committee . 
THE NATION'S carriers also provide discounts to Red Cross workers , retired military personnel and medical students . 
Commission income from domestic stock and bond sales accounts form a large portion of Japanese securities companies ' earnings . 
A second illustration is supplied by the recent guilty plea entered by Robert Freeman , formerly head of arbitrage at Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
The burning question is whether the new chief can parry Mr. Icahn without being pushed into unwelcome moves . 
Westridge Capital 's frenetic trading reflects the changes sweeping through the previously sleepy world of indexing . 
Source : Ibbotson Associates Inc . 
They concede that much of the government meddling that torments them is essential to the public good , and even to their own businesses . 
Rowland , meanwhile , has expanded aggressively , and now ranks as the fifth-largest U.S. public relations firm , according to O'Dwyer's Directory of Public Relations Firms . 
He said Chrysler `` is no longer sure '' of its forecast for industry car and truck sales of 14.2 million in the 1990 model year . 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 275-a-share offer was rejected by UAL 's board , has n't shown signs of pursuing a $ 300-a-share back-up bid he made last month . 
Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan , killing at least 12 people , as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul 's forces . 
In August , by contrast , program trading averaged 10.3 % of daily Big Board turnover . 
Admirers of Mr. Glass may agree with the critic Richard Kostelanetz 's sense that the 1974 `` Music in Twelve Parts '' is as encyclopedic and weighty as `` The Well-Tempered Clavier . '' 
The current campaign is just the first leg of an aggressive three-to-five-year direct marketing plan . 
`` Most dealers can not continue to absorb this supply . '' 
At least two companies , Cadwell Laboratories Inc. of Kennewick , Wash. , and Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. of Wallingford , Conn. , now sell versions of the magnetic devices . 
International Business Machines Corp. agreed to acquire a 15 % stake in Paxus Corp. , an Australian computer-software and information-services concern , for 20 million Australian dollars ( US$ 17 million ) . 
`` In the past , you just wore Fruit of the Loom and did n't care , '' says Peter Kim , U.S. director of consumer behavior research for the J. Walter Thompson ad agency . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises said it had to boost spending for trade and dealer incentives to try to keep volumes from slipping . 
Yesterday , the city demolished two dwellings in the district because of severe structural damage and said as many as 19 of the district 's 350 dwellings might have to be razed . 
RJR 's 14.70 % bonds due 2007 fell 2 1\/2 points . 
The ULI is a non-profit research and education group based in Washington , D.C. , with 14,000 members nationwide . 
Eastern said it is ahead of schedule in resuming its operations after filing earlier this year for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , from which it expects to emerge early next year . 
`` In my opinion , you would only pay that kind of price if you were getting a premier player in the industry . '' 
Earlier this year , the government announced plans to foster increased competition in the industry . 
The purchase was made by Rockwell Graphic Systems , a Chicago subsidiary of the El Segundo , Calif. , concern . 
J&L , whose principal offices are in Detroit , is a mail-order distributer of industrial tools and supplies . 
He figures the episode will help `` clarify any ambiguities '' between the committee and administration . 
The group 's advisers want to make certain they have firm bank commitments the second time around . 
Explonaft will develop application guidelines for lubricants , sell high-quality mineral oils , and offer services in industrial cleaning and related fields . 
But would n't you know , now that we are spending jillions of dollars , and have built those new divisions and new air wings , and have positioned all these ships and supplies to fight the Russians in Iran , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject . 
But lawmakers of both parties agree that the streamlining was temporary . 
Analysts had been projecting fully diluted earnings in the third quarter in the range of about $ 1.30 a share . 
First Executive Corp. said about 96 % of the rights to purchase its depositary shares and warrants have been exercised . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
`` He 's a genuine Wheaties-box athlete , '' gushes Mr. Jones . 
Ordinarily , a clever opponent would find a way to capitalize on the other side 's misfortunes . 
Donald Vinson , who oversees the experiments , is n't some white-coated researcher . 
Darla St. Martin , of the National Right to Life Committee , says exit polls from the 1988 election had single-issue , pro-life voters giving Mr. Bush about five more percentage points of support than pro-choice voters gave Michael Dukakis . 
`` This is one of the worst trade releases we 've had since the dollar troughed out in 1987 , '' said Geoffrey Dennis , chief international economist at James Capel Inc . 
The earthquake is likely to reduce GNP negligibly in the near term and then could raise it a bit as rebuilding begins . 
Then there are Mr. Dinkins 's old-time Harlem colleagues , such as U.S. Rep. Rangel , former Deputy Mayor Paterson and Mr. Sutton . 
American Pioneer Inc. said it agreed in principle to sell its American Pioneer Life Insurance Co. subsidiary to Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Inc. 's HBJ Insurance Cos. for $ 27 million . 
A Compaq Computer Corp. spokeswoman said that the company has n't made a decision yet , although `` it is n't under active consideration . 
Among broader Nasdaq industry groups , the utility index gained 18.11 to 761.38 . 
Mr. Labovitz is president of ODI , a consulting firm in Burlington , Mass . 
Oncor Inc. , Gaithersburg , Md. , said it received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to market a genetic test that will assist in diagnosis and treatment of leukemia and lymph cancer . 
Oregon -- $ 100 million of general obligation veterans ' tax notes , Series 1989 , dated Nov. 1 , 1989 , and due Nov. 1 , 1990 , through a Chemical Securities Inc. group . 
It announced a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
This is the commercial version . 
`` This is n't outlandish bidding ; this is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it ... . 
EMPIRE PENCIL , later called Empire-Berol , developed the plastic pencil in 1973 . 
Gold and silver broker Preston Semel asked a federal court to halt the Commodity Exchange from imposing a record $ 550,000 fine on his firm . 
W.R. Grace & Co. said it formed a new horticultural-products company by combining its soil-nutrients and fertilizers business with Sierra Chemical Co. , Milpitas , Calif . 
In what could prove a major addition to the Philippines ' foreign-investment portfolio , a Taiwanese company signed a $ 180 million construction contract to build the centerpiece of a planned petrochemical complex . 
An estimated $ 38.9 million was set aside for military installations in the home state of North Carolina Rep. W.G. Hefner , the House chairman . 
In 1988 New Era sought a permanent injunction to restrain Henry Holt & Co. from publishing `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' on the ground that Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard infringed the copyrights . 
The extent of Marriott 's use is n't known , and Marriott officials could n't be reached for comment . 
David Boren , the Intelligence Committee chairman , is upset that someone leaked a letter to the committee from the Reagan administration suggesting that the U.S. would undertake to warn Panamanian thug Manuel Noriega if it got wind of an impending coup that might result in his assassination . 
In addition , under the highway-relief program , the federal government provides 100 % of emergency highway aid for only the first 90 days of a repair effort . 
Mr. Jobs said the changes were prompted by requests from customers who are frustrated with the performance of the optical device , which is n't offered as standard equipment by any rivals . 
After prodding from Mr. Sanford , U.S. Attorney Jack Eskenazi pleaded with Justice Department officials in Washington to let the indictment proceed . 
By the time the market plummeted 10 days ago , Monetta was 55 % in cash , said Robert Bacarella , president and portfolio manager . 
The project is one of a select group of public projects opened to U.S. firms under a U.S.-Japan construction trade agreement reached last year . 
`` If prices in the States go down , industrial buyers in Europe have the opportunity of getting reasonable prices in the U.S. , '' says Francois von Hurter , chief of Continential M&A at Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
The mining , metal and specialty-chemical concern said combined revenue for asbestos and coal was about $ 40 million of the company 's total revenue in 1988 of $ 1.98 billion . 
At a yearling sale , a buyer can go solo and get a horse for a few thousand dollars . 
The Accumulation and Investment Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses and markets guaranteed investment contracts to bank trust departments and other institutions . 
It showed the DJIA up 30 points . 
And it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places . '' 
Thanks to centuries of polishing by Mother Nature -- first in the gentle current of the Orange River that carried the stones from South Africa 's interior , then in the cold surf of the ocean , and finally in the coarse sands of the desert -- 98 % of the diamonds uncovered are of gem quality . 
The crash in October 1987 and last Friday 's sell-off painfully taught some investors exactly what stop orders will and wo n't do . 
Stock prices rose . 
The British press , making a mountain out of a molehill , precipitated an unnecessary economic crisis by portraying Mrs. Thatcher as an autocrat who had thrown economic policy into confusion by driving a respected figure from her government . 
But the two groups represent a further step in defensiveness . 
They accuse the Democrats of unfairly using Senate rules to erect a 60-vote hurdle . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 1,450,635 shares are being offered by the company and 549,365 shares by holders , via Blunt , Ellis & Loewi Inc. and Robert W. Baird & Co . 
At most firms , though , it 's the immediate supervisor who decides the merit increases subordinates will be paid . 
The biggest foreign inroads , though , have been made by bourbon . 
Seldom have House hearings caused so much apprehension in the Senate , where California Sen. Cranston and four other senators were already writhing in the glare of unfavorable publicity over the alleged looting of Lincoln by their friend and political benefactor , Charles Keating Jr. , principal stockholder of Lincoln 's parent company , American Continental Corp. of Phoenix , Ariz . 
Dow Jones industrials 2662.91 , off 26.23 ; transportation 1236.66 , up 5.86 ; utilities 215.35 , off 0.13 . 
Recovering radiophonic sovereignty was the purpose of Radio Costa Rica , funded by the U.S. and affiliated with the Voice of America ( VOA ) . 
Like the bacteria used by genetic engineers , the yeast can take in human genes and churn out human proteins for medical use . 
Short-term rates also were mixed . 
I expected him to say , `` I told you so , '' but he already was snoring . 
When it was n't my turn in the balloon I followed its progress from the `` chase car , '' listening to the driver holler into a walkie-talkie . 
National Intergroup Inc. said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter . 
Judge Harold C. Abramson raised the possibility after talks to end a feud between two major creditors failed and all three reorganization plans in the case ran into roadblocks . 
Although time and place have yet to be determined , some details are in place . 
The young president so admires Japanese discipline that he sends his children to a Japanese school in Mexico City . 
LIN Broadcasting slid 1 3\/8 to 108 3\/4 , despite reporting third-quarter net of 46 cents a share , up from 39 cents the previous year . 
Poland makes no machinery for a plant on that scale . 
And security authority Robert L. Duston favors disciplining all employees who cheat . 
Dr. Blumenfeld concedes he did n't fully understand what he was buying . 
Pretax profit is expected to increase 18 % to 22 billion yen and net income is expected to rise 53 % to 10.5 billion yen . 
Stanley Rose , a vice president , technological and strategic planning at Bankers Trust , says that despite Digital 's low prices , `` we are n't about to unplug our IBM mainframes for a DEC machine . 
Members of the largest union , representing 1,700 workers , voted in favor of the pact yesterday . 
That would hold spending on the program at about the previous year 's level . 
The leading contender for the mayoral office , Democrat David Dinkins , has been criticized recently for the way he handled his personal financial affairs . 
Varity Corp. led the Big Board list of largest short volumes with 12,822,563 shares . 
In patched pants and torn shoes , he stands in his barnyard eyeing the ground with a look both helpless and sardonic . 
Third-quarter net income at Texaco rose to $ 305 million from $ 274 million last year . 
EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. , Fremont , maker of personal computers and peripherals , annual sales of $ 377 million , OTC , had minor damage and was almost fully operational yesterday . 
CMS management said Thursday that they planned to recommend paying a modest dividend when the board of directors met Friday . 
The executive made his purchases shortly before being named to his current chief executive officer 's position ; formerly he was Kraft General Foods ' chief operating officer . 
What could imply more safety than investing in government bonds ? 
With `` Planet News , '' music meant to accompany readings of Allen Ginsberg 's `` Wichita Vortex Sutra , '' Mr. Glass gets going . 
Richard Secord , the retired Air Force general felled in the Iran-Contra scandal , is all but ruined -- forced to sell his Virginia home and pull his kids out of college , according to a recent fund-raising appeal sent out on his behalf . 
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept . 
Several blue-chip companies tapped the new-issue market yesterday to take advantage of falling interest rates . 
They can cut this to $ 691.09 a month if the investing keeps up through college . 
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own . 
TCI said it may bring in other cable operators as investors , a practice it has employed in the past with investments in other cable networks , such as The Discovery Channel . 
Early yesterday , Carnival said in a company statement that it had been `` notified unofficially '' that Waertsilae Marine Industries , the Finnish shipyard that is building its three new cruise ships , planned to file for bankruptcy . 
Crude prices spurted upward in brisk trading on the assumption that heavy earthquake damage occurred to San Francisco area refinery complexes , but the rise quickly fizzled when it became apparent that oil operations were n't severely curtailed . 
The latter 's son , Ralph Ingersoll Jr. , took over the company and has been managing the Goodson properties and acting as an agent in the purchase of newspapers for Goodson . 
Thanks largely to the continued growth of the U.S. economy , the poverty rate is now substantially lower than the 1983 peak of 15.3 % , but the improvements have been modest in the past couple of years . 
`` We were disappointed we could n't use wood , '' says architect Walter J. Richardson , `` but the Japanese only want stronger materials . '' 
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers . 
Coca-Cola Co. may be about to intensify the cola wars . 
The bank also said it expects to report a $ 1.42 billion loss for the third quarter and a loss for the full year . 
Like thousands of salespeople before them , Wang 's are finding ways to combat the bad news . 
`` He taught me how to drink herbal tea instead of coffee at 3 a.m. , I 'll give him that , '' says Deputy Mayor Robert Esnard . 
Wells Rich declined to comment on the status of the account , as did the other agencies . 
Many retailers are worried that a price war could erupt this Christmas if cash-strapped firms such as Campeau slash prices to spur sales . 
Meanwhile , inside the courtroom , the judge said he would fine attorneys for the two creditors $ 50 every time they referred to each other with terms such as `` liar '' or `` slime . '' 
Sen. Cranston , as he returned to the capital last week from a one-day trip to inspect earthquake damage in San Francisco , sighed to an aide : `` Well , back to Keatingland . 
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade . 
A group of investors recently bought the remaining assets of Spendthrift , hoping to rebuild it . 
`` We call them fraud farms . '' 
Many factors besides a dread of 1997 will have a bearing on Hong Kong 's economy . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
A Continental spokeswoman said the notes may be offered at a later date . 
In novels of an earlier vintage , David would have represented excitement and danger ; Malcolm , placid , middle-class security . 
At the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco , Vice President Robert Fienberg says operations were `` steaming along as usual '' yesterday afternoon . 
He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected . 
It 's unclear what role , if any , Mr. Lorenzo 's recent exploration of a possible sale of a stake in Continental had in Mr. Corr 's departure . 
Mr. Krutchensky approached Ms. Volokh five years ago about backing the publication , which started out as a listing guide . 
Though a re-enactment may have the flavor , Hollywood on the Hudson it is n't . 
Those rights prevent anyone other than Revco from proposing a reorganization plan . 
The company focuses on the how-to aspects , says Andrew E. Philip , president . 
The problem is that on the vital issue of monetary policy and exchange rates , conservative , free-market economists divide into at least three incompatible camps . 
The White House said Bush is conferring with leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee to ease differences over guidelines for CIA agents . 
Some major U.S. trade partners quickly rejected a compromise proposal by Bush to liberalize trade and reduce farm-product subsidies . 
In October 1979 , just days before the Federal Reserve raised interest rates , IBM offered $ 1 billion in debt securities . 
In the past 10 years about 50 journalists have been silenced forever , murdered . 
And the new syndicated `` reality '' show `` Hard Copy '' records viewers ' opinions for possible airing on the next day 's show . 
Terminals at San Francisco International also were damaged , but the tower itself was intact . 
( Puts , or sell options , would not be added until 1977 . ) 
The theft was discovered early this year , soon after Ms. Hammond took her post . 
Last year , 43 million tons of desert were moved from one dune to another to recover 934,242 carats , which comes to 46 tons of sand per carat , or one-fifth gram . 
Mr. Hixson , who resigned effective Jan. 1 for health reasons , remains a director . 
Top officers insist Maidenform 's greatest strength is its family ownership . 
At least , according to my calculations . 
U.S. officials expressed skepticism over an Israeli effort to show the PLO continues to practice terrorism . 
Although the New York market plunge prompted a 70.5-point drop in the London Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100 Share Index , Mr. Leigh-Pemberton declared `` that the experience owed nothing to the particular problems of the British economy . '' 
Di Giorgio Corp. said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals . 
Security Pacific Corp. said third-quarter credit losses surged a third to $ 109 million , mainly because of sour Arizona real-estate loans . 
And some investors at Fidelity and elsewhere even began buying stock funds during the day . 
He said the company believed Qintex Entertainment 's financial problems could have been resolved by other means . 
Eavesdropping by individuals is harder to measure . 
For its part , NIH insists that its guidelines `` should not stifle research creativity or technology transfer from the research laboratory to commercial use . '' 
A French Crusader crash a few months ago heightened pressure for new planes here . 
The blast , which wrecked the opposition labor group 's offices , was the latest in a series of attacks in El Salvador 's 10-year-old civil war . 
The individuals said Gulf Power and federal prosecutors are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges and pay fines totaling between $ 500,000 and $ 1.5 million . 
Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher called the worsening trade figures `` disappointing after two very good months . '' 
Separately , a federal judge hearing Mr. Hunt 's bankruptcy case yesterday turned down a proposed $ 65.7 million settlement between Mr. Hunt and Minpeco S.A. , another major creditor in the case . 
Recently , the boards of both the parent company and the thrift also voted to suspend dividends on preferred shares of both companies and convert all preferred into common shares . 
An FTC spokesman said the matter is `` in a non-public posture at this time '' and declined to comment further . 
Clearly not . 
Still , there are several billion dollars of zero-coupon CDs with various maturities outstanding . 
A technical analyst said there were a number of stop-loss orders under that level that were touched off when the contract 's price fell below it . 
At Chrysler 's 1990 model preview last month , Chrysler Motors President Robert A. Lutz said the No. 3 auto maker , along with other U.S. manufacturers , might be forced to `` realign ... capacity '' if market demand does n't improve . 
Both companies are regional carriers in the Southwest . 
Of course , this kind of blatant congressional pork-barreling is called `` constituent service '' by Members , while the same kind of noncompetitive favoritism at HUD is labeled `` influence peddling . '' 
So the inner-city burial ground is trying to resurrect itself with a television advertising campaign . 
By 2007 , when this year 's newborns hit campus , a four-year Ivy League sheepskin will cost $ 300,000 , give or take a few pizzas-with-everything at exam time . 
Nissan is the world 's only auto maker currently building vehicles in all three of the world 's key economic arenas -- the U.S. , Japan and Europe . 
`` Under this scrutiny , the first thing you do is sell your cyclical stocks and the second thing you do is sell your over-leveraged companies . '' 
However , in light of the risks involved in such transactions , banks should satisfy themselves that they have the skills to participate in this market and clear policy guidelines on acceptable levels of exposure to such transactions , he said . 
The new equipment , which will produce steel sheet with more uniform thickness and flatness , is likely to cost more than $ 20 million , the company said . 
`` The times are my times , '' says Mr. Florio . 
Clifford Stahl , president and chief investment officer of C-S Capital Advisors Inc. , two weeks ago sold his Cincinnati firm 's 107,100 Jaguar ADRs at about 10 each , making a tidy profit on a holding purchased at 4 7\/8 in early May . 
`` A very striking illusion , '' Mr. Hyman says now , his voice dripping with skepticism , `` but an illusion nevertheless . '' 
Asked whether there is anything Congress should do to curb the LBO boom , Mr. Brady responded , `` I think the LBO phenomenon , ( while ) it wo n't stop completely , will be a thing of the past . '' 
Name-dropping recently helped Mr. Houston-Montgomery crash a party Fame magazine threw for 100 of the 2,809 people mentioned in the diaries of the late Andy Warhol . 
`` Interest is a great deal higher than it was a year ago . '' 
In the meantime , Russia gave Nicaragua another powerful radio transmitter , which has been installed in the city of Esteli . 
But opponents fear overcrowding . 
This kind of theater was new to us . 
It scared brokers , but most survived . 
The Los Angeles investor ca n't buy UAL stock , solicit shareholder consents or make a new offer unless he makes a formal offer of $ 300 a share or UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 . 
Ford has signaled it might acquire a majority interest later . 
Just ask Richard Blumenfeld , a New Jersey dentist who considers himself `` a reasonably sophisticated investor . '' 
The bank was hamstrung in its efforts to face the challenges of a changing market by its links to the government , analysts say . 
PRECIOUS METALS : Futures prices inched upward in mostly lackluster trading . 
Despite his reluctance to take the latter step , the judge indicated he would move quickly after hearing testimony later this week in the bitter dispute between Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. and Minpeco S.A. , a minerals concern owned by the Peruvian governmemt . 
Mr. Nixon 's office said the former president `` expects to have one-on-one discussions with the major Chinese leaders '' and will give his assessment of those leaders to President Bush upon his return . 
Most of the land in that and other parts of the Delta are now owned by second , third or fourth generations of the same families . 
But there are grounds for complaint . 
`` We view it as a good long-term investment , '' the spokesman said . 
`` I would n't say it 's quite a veto , '' Mr. Boren demurs . 
Maybe he thinks they should also sell to the highest bidder . 
Its supposedly austere minimalism overlays a bombast that makes one yearn for the astringency of neoclassical Stravinsky , the genuinely radical minimalism of Berg and Webern , and what in retrospect even seems like concision in Mahler . 
PaineWebber Group Inc. announced a pullback on Thursday from stock-index arbitrage , a controversial program-trading strategy blamed by many investors for encouraging big stock-market swings . 
The company is under an investigation concerning procedures to gain Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs . 
Yesterday , Ford Motor disclosed that it has raised its holding in Jaguar to 10.4 % from 5 % . 
The Clean Water Act contains no `` legal standard '' of zero discharge . 
Daffynition 
HomeFed said most of the troubled assets are apartment complexes , shopping malls and other commercial real estate . 
`` They 're thrashing around for diversification , '' he says . 
The offering is scheduled to expire on Nov. 30 . 
Market technicians were encouraged by the price patterns , which in the past have preceded sharp rallies . 
The third game , last Friday night , drew a disappointing 17.5 rating . 
Market conditions point to even lower prices next year . 
Also , the new stirrings are faint , and some question their extent . 
Your Sept. 26 `` Politics & Policy '' article about William Bennett 's Emergency Drug Plan for Washington gives the impression that the FBI has not been nor is actively involved . 
Province of Nova Scotia -- $ 250 million of 8 1\/4 % debentures due Nov. 15 , 2019 , priced at 99.775 to yield 8.28 % . 
For decades , psyllium husk has been the main ingredient in such laxatives as Procter & Gamble Co. 's Metamucil , the top-selling brand in the U.S. , and Ciba-Geigy Corp. 's Fiberall . 
`` You have n't seen the full effect of that yet . '' 
For the nine months , Du Pont earned $ 2 billion , or $ 8.46 a share , up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier . 
Capital appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 7.10 % in 2003 to 7.25 % in 2007 and 2008 . 
There was limited production of some models yesterday , but it was n't clear when the normal 750-car-a-day pace will resume . 
Many employees stayed home yesterday , but customer service was being maintained . 
But industry executives say businesses seem especially inclined to dump mailers sent to titles rather than to individual names . 
They say investors will favor companies that historically have posted annual earnings growth of 15 % to 20 % . 
I really want to see that happen again . '' 
`` You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , '' says Mr. Litvack . 
A record date has n't been set . 
The company noted that its Fox-Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . 
The market hovered near Friday 's closing price of 328.85 for about a half hour , moving several index points higher or lower in seconds , then broke higher and did n't look back . 
While claiming that penalties , legal fees and interest have driven the value of its claim to more than $ 250 million , Minpeco has agreed to settle for an allowed claim of as much as $ 65.7 million . 
A computer with the optical device will still cost $ 6,495 , but from now on Next will outfit every computer with a hard drive and supply one at no cost to those who have already bought Next machines . 
According to one London-based analyst , even higher interest rates wo n't help the pound if Britain 's government continues to appear unstable . 
Positive currency rates and strong sales growth led to a substantial rise in consolidated profit in the period , although the company did n't provide figures , as is customary with Swiss companies . 
`` The { ministry } wants to see the Japanese banks pull in their horns '' on leveraged buy-outs , he added . 
Some younger pilots say they have had to endure anti-union harangues by senior pilots while flying across the country . 
These efforts wind up creating a market where the price vastly exceeds the cost . 
`` This is the best way to transfer technology straight off the campuses of universities . '' 
`` It 's just like weather forecasting , '' says Energy Transportation trial attorney Harry Reasoner of Vinson & Elkins . 
And in a case filed in federal court in August , a lawyer is arguing that Missouri authorities are wrongfully imprisoning the fetus of a pregnant woman who is in jail for theft and forgery . 
Commonwealth leaders issued a declaration giving South Africa six months to deliver on pledges to ease apartheid or face new reprisals . 
The December contract rose 1.50 cents a pound to $ 1.2795 . 
Sharp Corp. , Tokyo , said net income in its first half rose 59 % to 18.32 billion yen ( $ 128.9 million ) from 11.53 billion yen a year earlier . 
The devices might someday serve as temporary pacemakers or restarters for stopped hearts , says Dr. Tacker , whose prototype was dubbed the `` Tacker whacker . '' 
Markets -- 
In 1987 , the West had the slowest sales growth , and the South and the Midwest were first and second respectively , according to the council . 
`` There 's a bottomless pit of dollar demand '' by Japanese investors , said Graham Beale , managing director of foreign exchange at Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp. in New York , adding that purely speculative demand would n't hold the dollar at its recent levels against the Japanese currency . 
In principle , they will enable doctors to check the body 's motor system the way an electrician tests a home 's electrical circuits by running current through them . 
`` People started wondering if something was wrong with him , '' Mr. Miranda recalls . 
Yet Mr. Rosen has turned the import phenomenon to his advantage . 
CMS Energy Corp. said it would begin paying a 10-cent-a-share quarterly dividend , the company 's first since 1984 . 
Pioneer surged 450 yen ( $ 3.16 ) to 6,050 yen ( $ 42.60 ) . 
Separately , attorneys for the 42 or so limited partners have had serious discussions that could lead to the distribution of the partnership 's assets . 
The heavy selling by farmers helped to damp the price rally . 
Mr. Stein was fined $ 25,000 and suspended for three years . 
Mid-State Federal Savings Bank advanced 1 1\/2 to 20 1\/4 after it said it is in talks with a possible acquirer . 
But the lurking shadow of 1987 's stock-market crash still seems dark . 
`` The environment is a lot more trading-oriented , '' said Gary Rosenbach , manager of equity trading at the OTC stock firm Needham & Co. in New York . 
Boeing posted a 68 % jump in third-quarter earnings , but Wall Street 's attention was focused on the continued strike at the aircraft maker . 
Fear is the father of panic . 
Pinnacle West slashed its quarterly dividend to 40 cents per share from 70 cents in December , saying at the time that it believed the new , lower dividend was `` sustainable . '' 
Ford trucks may outsell Chevy trucks in places like `` Connecticut and Long Island , '' sniffs a commercial for Chevrolet , a division of General Motors Corp . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
Partners lecture on how to form corporations , draft agreements and defend clients against unwanted tender offers . 
`` If we 've got folks out there who are being turned away in the mortgage market improperly and unfairly , '' said Sen. Donald Riegle ( D. , Mich. ) , chairman of the banking committee , `` then that is a matter that needs remedy now , not six months from now , or six years from now , or 26 years from now . '' 
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials . 
I 'm sure she 'll appreciate what an efficient reaction to her problems the price system has created . 
The company expects to reopen three Target stores and all but two Mervyn 's today or tomorrow . 
The package is more than $ 1 billion above the recommendations of Budget Director Richard Darman this week . 
Net Gain 
They 're going to decide what their employees can or can not read . '' 
Enron Corp. said a subsidiary and two United Kingdom firms are studying the feasibility of constructing a 1,500 megawatt gas-fired power plant in northern England as an outgrowth of the government 's privatization program . 
It can happen in any industry . 
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share . 
Meanwhile , U.S. Attorney Jerry Rafferty in Denver is reviewing the report prepared by MiniScribe 's outside directors , to determine if criminal charges should be brought before a grand jury . 
Because the funds ' investments are denominated in foreign currencies , their value expressed in dollars goes up when those currencies rise against the dollar . 
And he favors a more cooperative approach toward the neighboring states of New Jersey and Connecticut in the battle over companies thinking of moving employees out of New York City . 
That was before the 1986 tax `` reform '' made taxes more complex than ever . 
Sea Containers plans to sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 each . 
Then cast-iron sewer pipe and the flush toilet were followed by sewage - and water-treatment plants toward the end of the 19th century . 
The stock market 's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors , who quickly bid the dollar lower . 
The New York arm of the London-based auction house auctioned off the estate of John T. Dorrance Jr. , the Campbell 's Soup Co. heir , for $ 131 million last week , a record for a single-owner art collection . 
However , unlike a buy-stop order , a buy market-if-touched order is entered at a price below the current price , while a sell market-if-touched order is entered at a price above it . 
The two sides had n't met since Oct. 18 . 
It is this adapting of absurd ` knots ' and patterns from old books to any surface where a flower garden has to be made that leads to bad and frivolous design -- wrong in plan and hopeless for the life of plants . 
`` Maybe I 'll plant castor-oil seeds . '' 
Better yet , check out the emergence of her comic persona in `` Married to the Mob , '' Jonathan Demme 's delightful Mafia comedy . 
The units are autonomous from U.S. attorneys ' offices and focus exclusively on prosecuting organized-crime cases . 
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects . 
a - Discounted rate . 
The recruiting `` has n't materialized , '' asserts Jeffrey Christian , who runs a search agency . 
But yesterday , as the morning wore on , some major West Coast refinery operators -- including Chevron Corp. , Exxon Corp. and the Shell Oil Co. unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group -- said their refineries were n't damaged and were continuing to operate normally . 
`` It was like a play on Broadway , '' recalls Mr. Martinez . 
The glib emotional style Mr. Goldberg has perfected on television 's `` Family Ties '' does n't benefit from magnification . 
At the moment , Poland resembles 19th-century Pittsburgh more than a modern industrial society -- with antiquated production , inadequate environmental management , and little ecological awareness . 
Mr. Savaiko believes that if copper falls below the bottom of this range the next significant support level will be about $ 1.04 . 
Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million . 
He remains an executive vice president , the company said , and his new position reflects `` the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for A. Schulman 's high performance plastic materials . '' 
`` I 'm really wiped out after walking five hours , '' she says . 
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care . 
Currently , Fox supplies programs on Saturdays , Sundays and Mondays , although the company plans to expand to other weeknights . 
Revenue rose to $ 403 million from $ 368.4 million . 
`` At this time , we elected not to get involved because we have been able to satisfy our need { for DRAMs } from the market as a rule , '' said Ed Juge , Tandy 's director of market planning . 
VIACOM Inc. 's loss narrowed to $ 21.7 million in the third quarter from $ 56.9 million a year ago . 
-- A young woman who has been out of town shows up at the Marina Middle School to learn that her apartment is on the condemned list . 
That would be a blow to both Paribas and Navigation Mixte . 
Asarco said it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining . 
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years . 
Whatever the difficulties , Mr. Gorbachev remains committed to increasing foreign trade . 
One top U.S. expert on East Germany added : `` There is no clear-cut champion of reform , that we know of , in the East German leadership . '' 
It also said the union had agreed to meet the company for further talks tomorrow . 
New York City : 
The good news is , it 's not your fault . '' 
Arbitragers said they were disappointed the company did n't announce some recapitalization or other plan to maximize value . 
I want people in the barber shops and the beauty shops and standing in line at the rib joints to be talking about the show . 
In addition , pension funds are rarely given seats on company boards and most often try to avoid them because of legal concerns . 
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years . 
This year 's biggest issue , $ 570 million of convertible debentures by engineering company Larsen & Toubro Ltd. , is the largest in Indian history . 
Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent-company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . 
The league organizers seem more a fit with a convention next door of young aerobics instructors in leotards than the beefy union leaders ; `` I wish I could go work out , '' says a slim activist . 
`` For someone who has everything else -- Reggie 's jersey , cap and cards -- his checks might be a nice addition , '' says William Vizas , owner of Bill 's Sports Collectibles in Denver , who examined the checks at the San Francisco card show . 
The computer system was operating , so orders could be taken . 
Efforts to fight the blaze were hampered because water mains were severed as well . 
The effort is being led by Contel . 
In addition , GM 's Truck & Bus Group said slow sales are forcing it to close its Detroit assembly plant the week beginning Monday . 
`` If you are born to give parties , you give parties . 
Net income \* : $ 599.9 million ; or $ 20.20 a share 
Having argued that Galileo 's plutonium power source could have released lethal doses of radiation if the shuttle exploded yesterday , they were n't quieted by yesterday 's successful launch . 
Large furriers such as Antonovich Inc. , Fur Vault Inc. and Evans Inc. all reported losses in their latest fiscal years . 
The first signs of trouble came last month when the Hong Kong carrier , a subsidiary of Swire Pacific Ltd. , posted a 5 % drop in operating profit for the first six months and warned that margins will remain under pressure for the rest of the year . 
-- In most states , increasing expenditures on education , in our current circumstances , will probably make things worse , not better . 
Mr. Breeden did n't reject the proposal . 
After quadrupling annual earnings over four years to $ 6.8 million in 1988 , the Fairfax , Va. , company , posted a 23 % drop in earnings for this year 's first half . 
The SEC 's Mr. Lane vehemently disputed those estimates . 
McCaw , which dropped 2 1\/2 to 37 3\/4 , has offered $ 125 a share for a majority of LIN 's shares . 
They 're not there to work out . '' 
But what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by Congress ? 
After-the-fact judicial examination of an actor 's conduct has always been the common law 's method . 
The program 's nonprofit sponsors received $ 900,000 in fiscal 1989 through an Extension Service grant , but Mr. Whitten has been adamant in insisting that the program be cut in 1990 . 
9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
The OTS did n't say specifically why the action was taken against Ms. Garman . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Coca-Cola Enterprises blamed the lower volume on its soft-drink prices , which were about 3 % higher in the third quarter . 
With a conservative debt-to-equity ratio of 1-to-1 -- and $ 329 million in cash -- Manville is indeed actively on the prowl . 
Line-item veto . 
While the market kept careful tabs on Wall Street 's gyrations , it shrugged off a modest downturn in equities to bid the dollar well above the day 's lows . 
SUSPECT `` SALES '' ads are challenged by the Better Business Bureau of Metropolitan New York . 
So it will take many quarters for IBM to roll out all the products that customers need , and it will take years for customers to integrate the products into their operations . 
The damage was to her motor nerves , which could n't be monitored along with the sensory nerves , he explains . 
U.S. oil supplies , however , had peaked in 1970 and 1971 and by 1973 were declining . 
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 4\/32 , down 1\/32 . 
The newspaper quoted KGB chairman Vladimir A. Kryuchkov as saying the definition of anti-Soviet crimes had narrowed , the laws had changed and people no longer have to fear a simple slip of the tongue . 
`` I am only afraid that with Vietnam 's poor-quality products we ca n't compete with neighboring countries . 
Lamson & Sessions , which posted sharply lower third-quarter earnings and forecast that results for the fourth quarter might be `` near break-even , '' fell 1\/2 to 9 1\/4 . 
The results included a A$ 453.4 million write-off of future income-tax benefits and a provision for a loss of A$ 149.5 million on the sale of a stake of about 20 % in Lonrho PLC . 
Unilab Corp. , Norcross , Ga. , said it acquired the clinical laboratories of closely held Central Diagnostic Laboratory Inc. in a cash and securities transaction valued at $ 85 million . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 100 17\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 3\/32 to yield 7.97 % . 
Remember that it took Mr. Mengistu many months , in what became known as the `` creeping coup , '' to topple Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974 and 1975 . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Air & Water closed unchanged at $ 17.50 . 
For some at the SEC , an agency that covets its independence , Mr. Breeden may be too much of a Washington insider . 
Also , maintaining current demand assumes no significant slowdown in world economies . 
`` Unless there is an enormous rate of economic growth or a further drop in the dollar , it 's unlikely that consumption of U.S. produced steel will grow sufficiently to offset the growth of minimills . '' 
RJR Nabisco Inc. said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million . 
The guide is young and he knows this business but he wants a different life after college , such as working for IBM and wearing a necktie . 
Yesterday 's rally in the stock , futures and options markets led CBOE and Amex officials to conclude that the $ 50 million in guarantees almost certainly wo n't need to be tapped by First Options . 
Officials from the American Insurance Association 's property-claim service division , which coordinates the efforts of the claims adjusters in an area after a natural disaster , will be flying to San Francisco today . 
British Air was originally attracted to the chance of obtaining a 15 % stake in the company , but was n't particularly happy with paying $ 750 million . 
Ms. Johnson made a passionate statement to the platform committee , but she was talking to herself . 
But some investors and consultants who have tried it are enthusiastic . 
The ads featured fences , rocks and pussy-willow buds -- almost anything but the cars themselves . 
This could be a big protest against an administrative failure . '' 
The plaintiffs accused Irving of paying less interest than promised in a marketing brochure . 
Yesterday , the benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 102 18\/32 to yield 7.89 % , compared with 102 9\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Monday . 
IF IN VITRO fertilization works , it usually does so after only a few tries . 
The average yield on both two-year CDs and five-year CDs was 7.98 % . 
`` By the end of the 1990s , '' he said , `` we want to be producing roughly two vehicles overseas for every vehicle that we export from Japan . '' 
One award is part of a Department of Defense contract to Loral Rolm Mil-Spec Computers and could be valued at more than $ 100 million over five years . 
The small , wiry Mr. Morishita comes across as an outspoken man of the world . 
The White House said he plans to hold a series of private White House meetings , mostly with Senate Democrats , to try to persuade lawmakers to fall in line behind the tax cut . 
That was slightly above Sotheby 's presale estimate of $ 111 million . 
Mr. Noriega did n't suffer from any hesitation once he had the pistol . 
He said the company has no intention of tapping its short-term bank lines `` for a good part of 1990 . '' 
The company hopes the new plant , likely to be built in Frankfurt , will be able to produce 10,000 tons a year . 
The problem here , analysts say , is that if Paribas wins its 66.7 % , remaining Navigation Mixte shares will fall in value . 
Another described how tax-collection officials in Thanh Hoa province one night stormed through homes and confiscated rice from starving villagers . 
Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S. , Hong Kong 's biggest export market . 
USX is funneling drilling pipe to steel-hungry Soviet Union . 
After working for years with Werner Rainer Fassbinder , the late German director , and more recently with Martin Scorsese ( `` After Hours , '' `` The Color of Money , '' `` The Last Temptation of Christ '' ) , Mr. Ballhaus has developed a distinctively fluid style . 
Hence , as they see it , if something is n't done earthlings will become ever more subject to sunburn and skin cancer . 
Seven games ( and , after a loss to the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday , seven losses ) into the season , the `` new '' Cowboys are n't doing any better than the old . 
`` The rate we 're going , I think that by the end of the month , we 're looking to have a total of 30 to 35 , '' he said . 
And Mr. Gilmore cautions that there may be limits on how much the contract can grow because the Hong Kong dollar is n't a widely traded currency . 
Anton Amon and George Gourlay were elected vice presidents of this soft-drink company . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
It was down more than 40 points a half-hour before the close , marking a 61.5-point turnaround from its high , reached in the first 15 minutes of trading . 
Wednesday 's report from the purchasing agents will be watched to see if the index maintains a level below 50 % , as it has for the past couple of months . 
Within a few minutes , the true extent of the catastrophe was becoming clear . 
William C. Stuart III 
Later , the government reclassified several basic petrochemicals as secondary products . 
Sales in the latest period were $ 1.25 billion , down from $ 1.36 billion in the 1988 quarter . 
The ground along the Embarcadero the street that skirts the city 's eastern boundary and piers -- dropped six inches after the quake , wreaking major damage to at least one of the piers . 
Leonard Matthews , then-president of the American Association of Advertising Agencies , called Mr. Achenbaum a `` quisling '' in an incendiary 1987 speech . 
Now , with a semblance of normalcy returning , some advisers say it 's time for investors to take a hard , cold look at the stocks they own and consider some careful pruning . 
In addition , the company said , it was hurt by higher than previous-year costs for raw materials , though those costs have declined since the second quarter . 
More than eight in 10 respondents reported such a stress-provoking situation in their company . 
While the pillars did have long metal bars running vertically through them for reinforcement , they apparently lacked an adequate number of metal `` ties '' that run horizontally through the column , said Leo Parker , a structural engineer in Los Angeles . 
But sales to consumers have become difficult during the past several months , even in West Germany , which has been by far Commodore 's strongest market . 
Arvind Patel , a processor and exporter of the seed , raves : `` If psyllium takes the place of oat bran , it will be huge . '' 
Chris Edgar 
Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes , but late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15 . 
Richard Mason , president of Ames Co. in Parkersburg , W. Va. , says the Barrett rake `` makes sense , '' but it would be `` tough '' to explain to consumers . 
The programs will be written and produced by CNBC , with background and research provided by staff from U.S. News & World Report . 
Schlumberger Ltd. , New York , reported third-quarter net income edged up as growth in its oil-field services sector offset a decline in interest income . 
Whether she can meet that ambitious goal is still far from certain . 
There 's no risk to the protesters , and you ca n't keep an abortion clinic open if there are 3,000 people standing outside every day . '' 
UGI is a gas and electric utility and distributes propane nationally through its AmeriGas subsidiary . 
Indeed , institutions already are taking note . 
Separately , the hotel and gambling giant said it was proceeding with plans to make a tender offer and solicit consents with respect to approximately $ 1.4 billion of its publicly traded debt . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks , up from 1.8300 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , up from 141.65 yen late Friday . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Mr. McDonough 's first professional project fully to reflect his environmental ardor was his 1986 design for the headquarters of the Environmental Defense Fund in New York . 
'' Minority Leader Dole plans to offer a resolution tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan president , whose remarks came during a celebration in Costa Rica marking regional moves to democracy . 
Such evaluations met with derision , and kept the machine from resigning as soon as humans would have -- prompting more derision . 
PAY FOR PERFORMANCE hangs mostly on boss 's subjective view . 
The packaged-goods marketers may try filling that gap with a spate of new products . 
AM radio , which has been losing listeners to FM channels since the 1970s , approaches the 1990s with a diminished voice . 
Arthur H. Rosenfeld , previously president of the Prentice Hall Tax and Professional Services division , was named president of the newly formed Macmillan Professional and Business Reference division . 
The most arbitrary of these is the imposition of `` service fees , '' which will directly widen the cost spread between U.S. and foreign markets . 
A judge must jump from murder to antitrust cases , from arson to securities fraud , without missing a beat . 
He 's the director of the local Planned Parenthood chapter . 
Democrats asked in this week for discussions with President Bush have suggested ways of `` tinkering '' with the Packwood-Roth proposal , suggesting an interest in looking for a modified version they can back , one official said . 
The insurance concern said all conversion rights on the stock will terminate on Nov. 30 . 
The $ 7.81 billion of six-month Treasury bills were sold with an average discount rate of 7.50 % , the highest since the average of 7.60 % at the Oct. 10 auction . 
`` But how many more times we 're going to feel good in the next 15 is another question . '' 
`` I do n't see anything on the horizon that could lead to a precipitous rise in the price . '' 
Sandra Kaul , research analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton , said the market pushed higher mainly in anticipation of a late harvest in the Ivory Coast , a major cocoa producer . 
( Judge Mayer was not on the three-member panel . ) 
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14-judge panel . 
The purchase of the Showtime stake is `` a direct slap in our face , '' said one senior Time executive . 
The decision to keep the embattled F-14 's production line running for at least another year is an important victory for the House , and especially for Rep. Les Aspin ( D. , Wis . ) . 
The majority of the bikes never even make it into the high country . 
`` I think it would be irresponsible and I am not about to be blackmailed by Japanese banks or any other international interests . '' 
-- Least-cost solutions . 
A $ 67 billion spending bill was approved by House-Senate conferees that includes major provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
Mr. Roderick did so by having USX redeem a series of guaranteed notes , a move that , in effect , raised the cost of a $ 7.19 billion Icahn bid by about $ 3 billion . 
A serious economic downturn , pessimists observe , could hurt the expansionists . 
After the split , the company will have more than 4.7 million shares outstanding . 
Apparently they are learning to say no to excess risk . 
Per-share net rose to 14.95 yen from 14.44 yen . 
Real estate industry executives said Sears ' investment banker , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , sought financing in Japan . 
NOVEMBER BALLOTS will contain few referendum or initiative issues that especially affect small business . 
The Maidenform name `` is part of American pop culture , '' says Joan Sinopoli , account supervisor of the campaign by Levine , Huntley , Schmidt & Beaver , a New York ad firm . 
( ABC stops short of using an `` applause '' sign and a comic to warm up the audience . 
The portfolios of two hypothetical families , one a couple at retirement age and another a two-income couple at age 45 , illustrate several types of risk that investors need to consider . 
`` Likewise , no government will stop this idea of the Afrikaners . '' 
In an invention that drives Verdi purists bananas , Violetta lies dying in bed during the prelude , rising deliriously when then she remembers the great parties she used to throw . 
Erich Krampe , president of the U.S. sales arm of West German auto maker Daimler Benz AG , predicted luxury-car sales will rise to 840,000 in 1990 from 830,000 this year primarily because of the new Japanese makes . 
Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art . 
In composite New York Stock Exchange Trading , Georgia-Pacific stock rose $ 1.25 a share yesterday to close at $ 58 . 
On Sept. 6 , Robert Joseph Sherry , the firm 's senior vice president of employee and public relations , sold 4,000 shares , leaving himself with 1,062 shares of James River . 
The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes `` an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to reduce legal and market uncertainties and to prevent de facto changes to copyright law through technology , '' and says that finding an `` appropriate balance of harms and benefits is a political decision , not a technical one . 
Plans for the auction , which was supposed to take place last spring and become a regular event , have been thwarted by a lack of hard currency . 
Contel is a $ 6 billion telephone and electronics company . 
Trading in Taipei was suspended for a national holiday . 
Faced with inevitable defeat , the once dominant industry declined any recorded vote on the ban , which covers all but a fraction of 1 % of daily flights in the U.S. . 
Program trading on the New York Stock Exchange in September rose to its highest recorded level as a percentage of total monthly trading volume . 
The agreement marks Bausch & Lomb 's first venture selling its eye care products for use by veterinarians . 
That 's the market . '' 
Citicorp -- $ 200 million of 8 3\/4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 1996 , priced at 99.64 to yield 8.82 % . 
Some people argue that strong brands can afford to stop advertising for a time because of the residual impact of hundreds of millions of dollars spent on advertising through the years . 
Finnair and SAS said they plan to swap stakes in each other . 
`` Spirits companies now view themselves as global marketers , '' says Michael Bellas , president of Beverage Marketing Corp. , a research and consulting firm . 
Ira , himself , confirms this account . 
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug . 
Most junk bonds , which have been battered in recent weeks , continued a slow recuperation and ended unchanged to slightly higher . 
Separately , Colgate Wednesday finalized an agreement with MacroChem Corp. , a tiny dental products and pharmaceutical concern based in Billerica , Mass. , to market in the U.S. four of MacroChem 's FDA-approved dental products . 
Varian Associates Inc. , Palo Alto , Calif. , reported fiscal fourth-quarter profit plunged more than 95 % to $ 1 million , or five cents a share , from $ 24.2 million , or $ 1.10 a share , in the year-earlier quarter . 
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow . 
Their recovery came surprisingly fast , and always with the help of neighbors . 
Both men were charged in a subordinate court and released on bail of S$ 1 million . 
President Bush has been hearing this kind of opposition first hand during meetings over the past two days with Democratic senators at the White House . 
The deal by the Ford Motor Co. unit , priced Monday , was increased to $ 3.05 billion from $ 2.58 billion . 
He said a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction and that ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any procedural hurdle the Democratic leadership might erect . 
Undoubtedly Mr. Bush will be praised by some Latin leaders prone to pay lip service to nonintervention , while they privately encourage more assertive U.S. action to remove Gen. Manuel Noriega and safeguard their countries from a Sandinista onslaught . 
Ad Notes ... . 
But it still might be cheaper than taking a major hit . 
This tale of a Chicago policewoman returning home to find the man who raped her 20 years earlier is supposed to be set in the Ozarks . 
In today 's computer networks , some machines often sit idle while others are overtaxed . 
Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday . 
Gillette Co. , Boston , said it is planning to restructure its South African subsidiary . 
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit . 
The more factories and robots Japanese manufacturers add , the more they will be able to export , and the less their domestic customers will need to import . 
Of course , the greater volatility of the younger couple 's portfolio does n't necessarily mean those investments are riskier in terms of meeting the holders ' long-term goals . 
`` Keep some money available for opportunities , '' he says . 
Because of the size of the California market , few relocation specialists expect a widespread corporate flight in the quake 's aftermath . 
Mr. Evans resigned . 
Snack-food tonnage increased a strong 7 % in the third quarter , while domestic profit increased in double digits , Mr. Calloway said . 
California wineries , benefiting from lowered trade barriers and federal marketing subsidies , are expanding aggressively into Japan , as well as Canada and Great Britain . 
The battle for customer loyalty is evident along the Cobb Parkway strip . 
Terms were n't disclosed for the plant , which will have annual capacity of 600,000 tons . 
Now the Senate 's stripped-down bill omits any proposal to deal with the corporate tax . 
Equities tumbled at the opening as Tuesday 's gyrations on Wall Street , where the Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered most of an 80-point loss , fueled fears of another stock market crash , brokers said . 
While Sears would n't comment on the brouhaha over Mr. Vila 's commercial endorsements , it appears to be building a fence around Mr. Vila 's affections . 
`` Lion Nathan has a concluded contract with Bond and Bell Resources , '' said Douglas Myers , chief executive of Lion Nathan . 
Similar proposals were defeated in at least 15 other states . 
European Investment Bank ( agency ) -- $ 150 million of 8 1\/2 % bonds due Nov. 22 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 8.54 % at reoffered price , via lead manager JP Morgan Securities Ltd . 
And because Northern California home prices are so high , loans from the region often are too large to be included in Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae pools . 
All these thoughts raced through my head in the 15 seconds of the earthquake 's actual duration . 
One slot is expected to go to EEOC Chairman Clarence Thomas , a black conservative ; after mulling a fight , liberals now probably wo n't put up a major struggle against him . 
Individuals eager for tax-free income drove up bond prices , making state and local government debt one of the best-performing types of fixed-income investments during the period . 
As a result , GOP state Rep. Stephen Freind of Delaware County , the legislature 's leading foe of abortion , has been given all but free rein to press a strict seven-point plan to restrict abortion and , he hopes , to force the Supreme Court directly to reassess its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that established the right of abortion in the first place . 
Their combined stake consists of 880,500 CACI common shares , including 86,500 shares bought in the past 60 days at $ 2.3125 to $ 2.4375 a share . 
I sense that it 's going to continue to grow . 
Moreover , Suez had just finished winning an even larger battle last year for control of Societe Generale de Belgique . 
The ad agency 's pretax profit margins were slightly under 10 % at the time of the takeover , according to analysts ; London-based WPP 's goal is to increase margins to 12 % . 
Korean car exports have slid about 40 % so far this year , but auto makers here are n't panicking . 
We really are talking about shutting down a major American city for a number of days , maybe for a few weeks . '' 
He noted the Commerce Department report yesterday that housing starts in September dropped 5.2 % from August to 1.26 million units on an annualized basis , the lowest level in seven years . 
Discovision now has world-wide license agreements with major manufacturers covering CD audio disks , audio disk players , videodisks and videodisk players . 
That means goods could be manufactured closer to customers , saving shipping costs , he said . 
He would n't elaborate . 
But they said Friday 's focus on the top-tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling and showed the broad-based fears over the status of the U.K. economy and Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet . 
Mr. Hastings faced the senators and sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes , then quickly left the chamber . 
Declining issues on the Big Board were far ahead of gainers , 1,108 to 416 . 
Mr. Icahn has long believed , associates say , that the company , whose 1988 sales totaled $ 16.88 billion , is worth $ 70 a share if broken up . 
`` But 93 % of tourists still come for gambling . 
`` That means stocks , bonds , money market instruments and real estate . '' 
Same-store sales for Pizza Hut rose about 13 % , while Taco Bell 's increased 22 % , as the chain continues to benefit from its price-value strategy . 
Observers said it appeared that British Air was angered at the way the bid has degenerated into confusion , as well as by the banks ' effort to round up financing for what one called `` a deal that is n't a deal . '' 
This Friday brings the `` double witching hour , '' Wall Street 's nickname for the monthly simultaneous expiration of a variety of stock index futures , index options and options on individual stocks . 
`` If the { new } deal had us putting up less money but still having 15 % , that would be a point in our favor , '' he said . 
Jeremiah Mullins , head of OTC trading at Dean Witter Reynolds , said both institutional and retail investors were buying . 
Many investors are unaware their funds have borrowed to speculate in such a risky market . 
A Chinese official harshly criticized plans to close a British naval base in downtown Hong Kong . 
Says New York-based short seller Mark Cohodes , `` In my mind this is a $ 7 stock . '' 
The issue came to a head last year , officials recalled , partly because the Reagan administration had sought unsuccessfully to win committee approval of funding for new Panama coup efforts . 
Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning `` ill-conceived and reckless '' bids and saying it was `` pleased '' that Mr. Trump had backed out . 
Now the Alley has moved ahead on both artistic and financial fronts . 
The computers will display stock prices selected by users . 
Time to relax and enjoy ourselves is always taken up by something to do with football ( meetings , lifting weights , conditioning or films ) . 
A private farmer in Poland is free to buy and sell land , hire help , decide what to grow and how to grow it . 
British Airways PLC , a crucial participant in the proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. , washed its hands of the current efforts to revive a bid for the parent of United Airlines . 
But that deal fell through in September after it became clear that the sale would lead to a major real estate tax reassessment , raising property taxes , and making it difficult to lease the building at competitive prices . 
In 1971 , the Congress Party won after India 's victory in the Bangladesh war . 
For its future strategy , Columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments , as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities . 
A senior vice president and a vice president at James River Corp. sold the majority of their shares in the Richmond , Va. , paper-products concern in late August and early September , reports filed with the SEC show . 
British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . 
Mr. Morishita 's main business certainly appears to be thriving , although he wo n't disclose numbers . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
In Sidhpur , it is almost time to sow this year 's crop . 
Most of the country 's 20,000 judges and judicial employees joined the work stoppage . 
In a free country , the law should restrict citizens as little as is consistent with good manners and public safety . 
A surprisingly small amount of reserves was added to the banking system . 
She had an idea . 
The IRS said it will waive certain tax penalties for earthquake victims unable to meet return deadlines or make payments because of the quake 's devastation . 
The proposed legislation is aimed at rectifying some of the inequities in the current land-ownership system . 
Doug Alligood , a black advertising executive who tracks black viewing patterns , gives the Carews an `` A '' for marketing moxie , but is n't alone in his lukewarm reaction . 
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it will start enforcing stiffer regulations Jan. 31 for so-called gray-market imports of vehicles . 
National Convenience Stores Inc. , trying to shake the doldrums in the convenience-store business , said it will rearrange the merchandise in all of its stores in the next 18 months to cater better to the neighborhoods around its stores . 
Democratic leaders have bottled up President Bush 's capital-gains tax cut in the Senate and may be able to prevent a vote on the issue indefinitely . 
Len Kessler , a financial publicist in New York , sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him . 
The forecasts were widely disseminated , and , in a splashy ad campaign launched in the summer of 1988 , Merrill Lynch urged investors to buy bonds . 
Among the results is a frequent breakdown of public services . 
Analysts say Digital can expect this pent-up demand for the new VAX to fuel strong sales next year . 
Marginal operations and assets have been sold . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
It also could convert glucose from farm wastes into edible protein . 
The number of people registered as jobless at the end of October declined by 900 from September to 78,600 . 
Meanwhile , dollar trading was relatively uninspired throughout the session , according to dealers , who noted that Thursday 's release of the preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product was something of a nonevent . 
Many agencies roll over their debt , paying off delinquent loans by issuing new loans , or converting defaulted loan guarantees into direct loans . 
The debt-rating concern cited the bank 's move into the Texas market , noting its profitability and capital adequacy measurements will be depressed relative to the bank 's past performance . 
Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors . 
The charity admits spending a lot on fund raising , but says that was necessary to establish a donor base it can tap at much lower cost in years to come . 
In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier . 
Since Anchor is still seeking this waiver , Vitro said the tender offer is being extended until 5 p.m. EST tomorrow . 
The NCI report attributes the differences in mortality rates by race to different smoking patterns . 
Republicans as well as Democrats were angered by the budget director 's rejection of Speaker Foley 's effort to expedite a deficitcutting measure by stripping it of the capital-gains tax cut as well as pet Democratic projects . 
Ford officials , for example , crowed about their first-ever Tokyo Grand Prix racing victory . 
In May 1987 , Ford began importing the Scorpio sedan from West Germany to sell next to a redesigned XR4Ti in showrooms . 
Diamond-Star said it will export about 1,500 Eclipse cars to Japan by year 's end . 
More broadly , Mr. Boren hopes that Panama will shock Washington out of its fear of using military power . 
But Capital Supervisors sold the last of its H&R Block holdings earlier this year . 
Decliners on the Big Board outnumbered advancers , 931 to 658 . 
Which goes to show that the First Law applies in insurance as in anything else : There is no free lunch , there is only marketing . 
Hungary declared itself a democracy and for the first time openly commemorated the anniversary of the 1956 anti-Stalinist uprising that was crushed by the Soviet Union . 
Applications wo n't have to be rewritten to work with Task Broker , Hewlett-Packard said , and the user of a computer wo n't be able to tell that another machine is doing the work . 
Grace Energy just two weeks ago hauled a rig here 500 miles from Caspar , Wyo. , to drill the Bilbrey well , a 15,000-foot , $ 1-million-plus natural gas well . 
The institute has governmental service contracts for the provision of direct patient services ; collects patient fees ; receives money through contributions from individuals , foundations and bequests . 
The Pacific exchange has options for 129 underlying stock issues , including highly active Hilton Hotels Corp. , which is listed on the Big Board . 
Large U.S. companies are interested in other segments of the HDTV business , such as signal-processing and broadcast equipment . 
Knowledgeable employees said the project had been stymied somewhat by `` the difficulty of designing '' the jackets . 
Imports , on the other hand , leaped 6.4 % to a record $ 41.18 billion . 
The stock recovered somewhat to finish 1 1\/4 lower at 26 1\/4 . 
The average maturity of the taxable funds that Donoghue 's follows increased by two days in the latest week to 40 days , its longest since August . 
In return , the U.K. and France could keep their nuclear weapons . 
The death rate from lung cancer of white males aged 35 to 44 in the mid-1970s was 13.4 per 100,000 , but the mortality rate of the same age group in the mid-1980s was 9.6 , a decline of 28.7 % . 
Sterling was already showing some signs of a lack of confidence in Mr. Lawson 's promise Friday . 
In 1987 , China exported 65 million pounds of mushrooms , valued at $ 47 million , to the U.S. . 
Later , he recalls the words of his Marxist mentor : `` The people ! Theft ! The holy fire ! '' 
The former U.S. attorney , who prosecuted targets ranging from Mafia dons to Wall Street executives , has succeeded in raising questions about Mr. Dinkins 's ethical standards , but so far has failed to generate excitement about his own candidacy . 
`` I never thought it would become so momentous , '' Bobby remarked . 
Mr. Smale said the appointment `` recognizes the growing influence of government on our business . '' 
These figures are n't seasonally adjusted . 
He adds : `` It just has n't gotten down to the engine room yet . '' 
Las Colinas , once a huge Texas ranch , is a sprawling complex of office buildings , homes and recreational facilities that its developers have been struggling to populate in recent years . 
Japan , the world 's third-largest liquor market after the U.S. and Britain , helped American companies in April when it lowered its tax on imported spirits and levied a tax on many domestic products . 
This fall , for example , L'Oreal Group , ordinarily a high-end line , rolled out a drug-store line of skin-care products called Plenitude , which retail for $ 5 to $ 15 . 
That level of production is n't of much concern as long as demand continues strong , analysts said . 
Moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been `` erased '' from a computer 's memory . 
A lawyer for Lawyers Title said that , because the named companies no longer use the type of cooperative rating bureaus attacked by the FTC , the commission 's order wo n't have much practical impact . 
South Africa negotiated a new debt agreement with its major foreign creditors for about $ 8 billion of its foreign debt outstanding , said Chris Stals , governor of the Reserve Bank and the country 's chief debt negotiator . 
Revised terms call for each Ramada common share to be exchanged for $ 1 in cash , subject to possible reduction , and one share of Aztar common stock . 
Mr. Gorbachev is in a much stronger position to pursue the corporatist ideal than was Mussolini , who was never able to influence business giants such as Pirelli and Fiat . 
Bikers -- many of them ardent environmentalists -- proclaim their sport an efficient , safe , fitness-promoting way to get back to nature , while asserting a right , as taxpayers , to pedal on public lands . 
Take the `` credit enhancements , '' which typically include a bank letter of credit or insurance from a bond-insurance company . 
Okay , now you can pick up that phone . 
As Mr. Dougherty says , `` The last thing they need is enormous disruption at the top ... and Graham is obviously a long-term member of the Ogilvy Mafia , as we call it . '' 
It is famous as the winter home of the whooping crane , that symbol of the destruction of wild America . 
Japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % to 535,322 units in September from a year earlier , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said . 
As for 1990 , the firm predicts that profit will slip to between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion . 
Pilot union advisers appeared confident that a new bid could go forward even without British Air 's participation . 
Per-share net rose to 62.04 yen from 51.50 yen . 
The Steppenwolf Theatre Company , back from a critical and box office success in London with its adaptation of Steinbeck 's `` The Grapes of Wrath , '' opened the new season with Harold Pinter 's `` The Homecoming , '' first produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1965 . 
During an economic slump , local tax revenues often go down , raising the risks associated with at least some municipals . 
However , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset is 15.50 % . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly . 
`` Obviously , pride sells in Texas , '' says a spokeswoman for Bozell Inc. , Omaha , Neb. , which represents 
Finding pension funds and other sources willing to invest is a high priority . 
In a move apparently aimed at heading off new punitive legislation , Mr. Deng sent an indirect signal to Washington via T.D. Lee , a Columbia University physicist who met Mr. Deng and other Chinese leaders in Beijing last month . 
MiniScribe Corp. , Longmont , Colo. , said it introduced a one-inch high , 80-megabyte hard disk drive that it hopes will prove popular with makers of high-performance laptop and portable computers . 
He says he wants to `` influence '' but not `` manage '' companies . 
But Erik Dunlaevy , a sugar analyst with Balfour Maclaine International Ltd. , said the explanation for the latest drop in sugar prices is much simpler : Speculators , he said , `` got too long too soon and ran into resistance around the old contract highs . '' 
Before the two parties resumed talks last week , De Beers offered 17 % and the union wanted 37.6 % . 
Meantime , shippers with vessels on order from Waertsilae Marine will remain in limbo . 
AZT is the world 's only prescription medicine approved for treating the disease . 
`` But one gets fed up with importing information and news . '' 
The Financial Times 100-share index finished 10.6 points higher at 2189.7 . 
This temblor-prone city dispatched inspectors , firefighters and other earthquake-trained personnel to aid San Francisco . 
On June 30 , a major part of our trade deficit went poof ! 
Mr. Rosen said the quake will revive consumer interest in a little-publicized 1972 state law that requires brokers to disclose to potential buyers how close a property sits to a fault line . 
The Patterson group , which controls about 42 % of Rally 's shares , also may seek control . 
Gerry Ritterman , president of New York-based Network Publishing Corp. , earlier this year sold his Soap Opera Digest magazine to Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
But advancing issues topped decliners by 784 to 700 on the Big Board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage . 
They estimate the return a person 's current portfolio is likely to generate over time , along with a standard deviation that suggests how much the return will vary year by year . 
There may be some activity in soybean prices this week as investors try to get rid of the contract for November delivery . 
`` Shocked . '' 
NEW JERSEY MERGER : 
The Federal Election Commission clears corporate plans to donate to an employee 's chosen charity in exchange for the worker 's gift to the company political action committee . 
The products already available are cross-connect systems , used instead of mazes of wiring to interconnect other telecommunications equipment . 
BNL , which is controlled by the Italian Treasury , was rocked by the disclosure last month that its Atlanta branch extended more than $ 3 billion in unauthorized credits to Iraq . 
In addition , the officials say Israel has n't presented convincing evidence these acts were ordered by Fatah or by any group Mr. Arafat controls . 
Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and BanPonce Corp. -- agreed to merge in a transaction valued at $ 324 million . 
We have been persuaded by the constitutional argument for the inherent line-item veto since 1987 , when lawyer Stephen Glazier first made the case on this page . 
Beefeater alone is worth as much as # 300 million , analysts said . 
Mr. Thal says that Elizabeth Taylor , a client , `` hates being called ` Liz . ' ... 
Few analysts think it is worth their time to slog through the Polaroid trial testimony . 
And when Mr. Engelken 's sister , Martha , who was born two days before the home run , reached her 25th birthday , Mr. Engelken wrote his sports hero to tell him of the coincidence of events . 
Some analysts do n't expect a quick revival of any takeover by the pilots . 
No phones . 
Bankers believed in the greater-fool theory that says somebody else is always willing to pay more . 
Under the new plan being considered , the notes would reset annually at a rate to maintain a market value of 101 . 
`` Capitalizing on the brand is key , '' says Mr. Brawer , whose immediate plans include further international expansion and getting better control of distribution outside the U.S. . 
`` How can it make available funds for purchases ? '' 
-- The Washington Post , Sept. 9 , 1987 . 
Prudential-Bache said the York issue was delayed because of market conditions . 
A spokesman for Hallwood said the 12 limited partnerships , which were marketed by brokerage firms and financial planners between 1979 and 1984 , raised several hundred million dollars from investors . 
As the stock market recovered some of its losses later in the day , bond prices retreated . 
Yet Jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played , and when , and he dutifully shows up for work night after night ( he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute ) . 
On its own , Dentsu 's muscle in Japan may count for little in major foreign markets when seeking non-Japanese clients . 
Banc One Corp. said it agreed in principle to buy five branch offices from Trustcorp Inc. , Toledo , Ohio , following the planned merger of Trustcorp into Society Corp. , Cleveland . 
Messrs. Roberts and Stein could n't be reached for comment . 
Some may be tempted to argue that the idea of a strategic review merely resurrects the infamous Zero-Based Budgeting ( ZBB ) concept of the Carter administration . 
Numerous computer companies are having sales slumps and earnings declines , but very few have had losses comparable to Wang 's or are carrying such a large debt load . 
The new representative office , with one manager and two assistants -- none a member of the Rothschild family -- will carry out no banking operations of its own . 
But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House has regained the lost share and is running neck and neck with archrival Folgers . 
The matter may never even be tried in court . 
For the first six months , the trust and corporation had a net loss of $ 244,000 . 
Her share decreases , but only slightly . '' 
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all . 
The average number of shares outstanding rose 2 % in the third quarter but was down 4 % for the nine months . 
Last year , when the rising Orange River threatened to swamp the course , the same engineers who are pushing back the Atlantic rushed to build a wall to hold back the flood . 
He is also accused of lying under oath and of leaking information obtained from a wiretap he supervised . 
Nippon Air Brake Co . ( Japan ) -- 140 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) . 
But the figures reinforced the view of many private analysts that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has run out of steam . 
Plump Beau , looking eager to please with his arched eyebrows and round face , plays the older brother , Frank . 
Fluor , based in Irvine , Calif. , will direct expansion of the mine 's capacity to 52,000 metric tons a day from 32,000 metric tons a day . 
But whether this price break has implications for this week , he said , `` we will know more when the London Metal Exchange copper stock levels are released Monday morning . '' 
`` That means we can accept orders '' and begin getting back to normal , says Ms. Tharp . 
An estimated $ 321 million is provided to maintain the program , but Mr. Rudman also succeeded in attaching language seeking to curb the authority of the current board until new members are confirmed . 
One Wang salesman who left the company in July recalls that when he tried to sell products to Eastman Kodak , he worked `` to muster support from internal allies , '' but `` those allies became skeptical as they saw the downtrend . 
`` It 's pretty safe to assume we can bring the cost down of these systems by 30 % to 40 % a year , '' said Edward McCracken , the company 's chief executive officer . 
MGM Grand said the latest stock offering wo n't cover the $ 600 million or more cost of building the proposed resort and theme park , and added it will need to seek additional financing , either through bank borrowings or debt and equity offerings , at a later date . 
Their proclaimed purpose is to cleanse East Germany of its Stalinist muck , not to merge with the West . 
Crane holds 504,200 Milton Roy shares , including 254,200 bought from Sept. 14 to Thursday for $ 15.50 to $ 16.75 each . 
First Interstate said its operations outside of Arizona `` achieved results as expected for the quarter , '' but did n't specify the results . 
Says Mr. Chan : `` When I showed it was from my own brain , they lost for the second time . '' 
One group says the futures contribute to stock market volatility ; the other contends that futures are a sideshow of speculation that detracts from the stock market 's basic function of raising capital . 
Sony Corp. won a pretrial order blocking U.S. sales of Justin Products Inc. 's `` My Own '' line of portable audio players for children . 
But the stated U.S. position is detailed and specific , and the prospect of biological warfare is profoundly chilling . 
Mr. Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers . 
Mr. Semel and his firm , Semel & Co. , have appealed the Comex decision and the sanctions to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission . 
When President Bush arrives here next week for a hemispheric summit organized to commemorate a century of Costa Rican democracy , will he be able to deliver a credible message in the wake of the Panamanian fiasco ? 
David Burnham , one of the authors , says fewer trials probably means a growing number of plea bargains . 
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . '' 
State governments place very low ceilings on how much property people may own or how much income they may keep if they want welfare help on medical bills . 
Alvin W. Trivelpiece , director of Oak Ridge National Laboratory , Oak Ridge , Tenn. , was elected a director of this optical-products concern . 
The bank is a subsidiary of Baltimore-based MNC Financial Inc . 
The existence of the policy became known after Bush disclosed it to seven GOP senators last week , citing the plan as an example of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of covert actions , officials said . 
The company typically sells the centers it develops , but has usually sold only one or several at a time . 
The presence of Unilever and P&G is likely to increase the impact of advertising on cosmetics . 
Sears said it would put the 110-story tower on the block almost a year ago as part of its anti-takeover restructuring . 
Mr. Masson then brought a libel suit against Ms. Malcolm , the New Yorker and Knopf . 
Vitro said the definitive agreements require that Anchor obtain a waiver from its bank lenders of existing covenant defaults under its bank facilities . 
Executives at Time Inc . Magazine Co. , a subsidiary of Time Warner , have said the joint venture with Mr. Lang was n't a good one . 
In a cross-border transaction , the buyer is in a different region of the globe from the target . 
Growth is good . 
`` Most people think if you slip , you 'll wind up in a body cast . '' 
Union Pacific Corp. 's rail unit said that except for damage to shipping containers in its Oakland yard , its track , bridges and structures were unharmed . 
One exception is a continuing experiment at Stanford University where as much as 10 watts of energy are being put into the electrolytic cells . 
The Intel 486 chip can process 15 million instructions per second , or MIPS , while Intel 's previous 386 chip could handle only 3 to 6 MIPS . 
Congress seems likely to let the new chairman have his way for a while . 
Chicago 's new school chief is the hard-nosed Ted Kimbrough . 
GM 's interest in Jaguar reflects a desire to help diversify the U.S. company 's products in the growing luxury-car segment of the market . 
And most of the truly big scams in Orange County seem to originate in Newport Beach or one of the other well-heeled communities that surround this sliver-like city that hooks around a point of land on the California coast south of Los Angeles . 
No single bill this year includes more discretionary spending for domestic programs and , apart from the space station , the measure incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
He continues to reshuffle the team , trading famed running back Herschel Walker to the Minnesota Vikings this month for a slew of players and future draft picks . 
Most yields on short-term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields . 
Broad Inc. said it doubled its regular quarterly dividend to five cents a share from 2.5 cents on common , and to 4.5 cents a share 2.25 cents on Class B stock , payable Nov. 10 to holders of record Nov. 6 . 
He liked the well-lighted lobby display of Honda 's cars and trucks so much that he had Nissan 's gloomy lobby exhibit refurbished . 
But except for Zenith Electronics Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , which is collaborating with Toshiba on computer displays , they are poorly positioned to exploit advances in large panels . 
The Chicago exchanges also are working on such a device . 
A spokeswoman for J.P. Morgan , parent of the bank Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. , confirmed its appointment to assist the managers but declined to elaborate . 
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at an indicated 107 7\/8 to yield 3.84 % . 
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts . 
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come . 
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month-old strike by workers at the facility . 
The amount was n't disclosed . 
Last year , Morgan Grenfell shut down its ailing U.K. securities operations . 
Already two major pharmaceutical companies , the Squibb unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. , are collaborating with gene hunters to turn the anticipated cascade of discoveries into predictive tests and , maybe , new therapies . 
Mr. Boies , the first lawyer to use Mr. Vinson 's services , cautions against courts ' allowing extensive jury questioning ( known as voir dire ) or giving out personal information about the jurors . 
It also provides for benefit adjustments , including a partial restoration of vacations and holidays , as well as work-rule changes to increase productivity . 
It was nothing more or nothing less than a feeding frenzy . '' 
When his Seventh Avenue fur business here was flying high 20 years ago , Jack Purnick had 25 workers and a large factory . 
Mr. Bush even disclosed privately that one Reagan-era deal with Congress required him to notify the odious Panamanian dictator , Manuel Noriega , if the U.S. learned of a coup plot that might endanger his life . 
Nomura started a credit-card venture with American Express Co. that allowed cardholders to use their Nomura securities accounts like a bank account , attracting the wrath of banks . 
Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Occidental Petroleum Co. and Combustion Engineering Inc. of the U.S. , Montedison S.p.A. of Italy and several Japanese groups , about jointly building and operating several big petrochemical plants . 
Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million , or about 25 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of P&G 's competitors over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies . 
The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the fate of the two powerful economic institutions that seem likely to oppose such sweeping plans : the State Planning Committee , known as Gosplan , and the State Committee for Material Supply , or Gossnab . 
Turns out that next year , Charlie Brown , Snoopy and the gang turn 40 -- and Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator and licensing agent for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for ads , tie-ins and promotions . 
All this illustrates that Japanese ministries still have a `` provider '' mentality ; they do not serve the people , and particularly not consumers . 
After all , farmers here work with `` hazardous '' chemicals every day , many of them the same chemicals that would have been destroyed in the incinerator . 
Nick Cortese thinks that 's what happened to him . 
( U.S. Treasury bonds are still the dollar-denominated investment of choice for long-term Japanese investors ) . 
Among the defendants are Mr. Boesky ; the now-defunct Ivan F. Boesky & Co. ; Mr. Boesky 's main underwriter , Drexel Burnham ; and Cambrian & General Securities PLC , a British investment fund once controlled by Mr. Boesky . 
The association said the September total brought French output for the first nine months this year to 14,789,000 tons , up 4.5 % from a year earlier . 
In 1976 , he joined CBS Sports to head business affairs and , five years later , became its president . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Indeed , the OTS said that before the law took effect Aug. 9 , it banned another `` key Vision Banc insider '' from insured financial institutions . 
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in two issues : Security Pacific , which fell 7\/8 to 44 1\/2 and led the Big Board 's most actives list on composite volume of 14.8 million shares , and Nipsco Industries , which lost 3\/8 to 17 3\/8 on 4.4 million shares . 
-- Golden Nugget rose 2 to 28 1\/4 . 
The buy-back is part of a 25-million-share repurchase plan , under which Coca-Cola Enterprises so far has acquired a total of 9.7 million shares . 
GREAT NORTHERN NEKOOSA is being sought by another big paper company , Georgia-Pacific , for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion . 
One Egg King -- which at just under four feet tall and two feet wide has been likened to the robot R2-D2 -- can crack about 20,000 eggs an hour . 
`` The consumer has to throw out the idea that the auction house is a disinterested middleman , '' says New York art dealer David Tunick . 
`` The employment report is going to be difficult to interpret , '' said Michael Englund , economist with MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York . 
But Takashi Kitamura , director of the biology department at Japan 's National Institute of Health and secretary of the government 's AIDS-research center , said , `` I 'm not so optimistic of its future use in therapeutic methods . '' 
First City said that because of increased competition in the credit-card business , it had decided it either had to expand its own holdings substantially or sell them . 
The most common use of spying devices is in divorce cases , say private investigators . 
Conner Peripherals Inc. , which has a near-monopoly on a key part used in many portable computers , is on target to surpass Compaq Computer Corp. as the fastest-growing start-up manufacturing firm in U.S. business history . 
The Series 1989 A bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Does the Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents , black and white , do not realize racism alienates potential employers ? 
In every presidential election over the past half century , except for the Goldwater presidential candidacy , the GOP has captured a greater percentage of the major-party popular vote for president than it has of congressional seats or the popular vote for Congress . 
And , as Mr. Zell says , with Itel and O&Y on the unit 's board , the real estate will be run by `` a very unusual group '' to say the least . 
The CF6-6 series engines are n't being manufactured any more ; they are only being used in the DC-10 Series 10 planes currently in service , he said . 
Though almost everybody at the playing site had been looking for the 26-year-old Soviet to beat the Pennsylvania-based computer , he gave the machine a far worse drubbing than many expected . 
The guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the U.S. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order banning a U.S. role in assassinations . 
The Fed arranged $ 1.5 billion of customer repurchase agreements Tuesday , the second repurchase agreement in two days . 
The stock market 's decline , coming after a record weekly gain of 119.88 points , surprised some investors . 
The Red Cross does n't track contributions raised by the disaster ads , but it has amassed $ 46.6 million since it first launched its hurricane relief effort Sept. 23 . 
If a customer asks for stories about `` IBM , '' the computer will also supply stories that mention `` I.B.M. , International Business Machines , or Big Blue , '' Mr. Amram says . 
News of the restructuring plan sent Sea Containers ' shares up $ 1 to $ 62 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
By Monday morning , they said , stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures . 
Chinese leader Deng told former President Nixon that the U.S. was deeply involved in `` the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion '' that gripped Beijing last spring . 
But the problem clearly is widespread and persistent . 
`` The industry is still pretty much in its Wild West days , '' says Scott Stapf , director of investor education for the North American Securities Administrators Association . 
The man , it seems , has a Lichtenstein corporation , licensed in Libya and sheltered in the Bahamas . 
He said Du Pont holds about 23 % of the world-wide market , the largest single share , at a time when growing uses for the pigment have kept it in tight supply , although others are now adding low-cost production capacity . 
Karstadt AG said sales for its domestic group rose 4.6 % in the first nine months of 1989 from a year earlier . 
Affiliated Bankshares of Colorado Inc. said it agreed to sell its 10 % interest in Rocky Mountain Bankcard Systems for $ 18.5 million to Colorado National Bank of Denver and Central Bank of Denver . 
`` Ford wants { Jaguar } very much . '' 
An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder and then switches hats and arbitrates the facts -- has such advantages as speed , flexibility and maximum privacy . 
I decided to brave the storm . 
-- `` Being a student-athlete at college is a lot different from high school . 
`` Today of all days , '' she lamented . 
Mr. Gurria 's optimism contrasts with some bankers ' views that the deal may require a lot of arm twisting by the U.S. Treasury in order to succeed . 
But it 's hard to squeeze much profit out of the personal-computer business these days , and the workstation market , while important , is too small to rely on for much growth . 
The volatility of smaller technology companies has served the group well overall in recent stock trading , according to Hambrecht & Quist 's technology stock indexes . 
`` Fly safely . '' 
The wage stickiness , which OECD studies confirm is particularly high in Britain , gives its economy a structural bias toward inflation . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8485 marks , down from 1.8667 marks late Tuesday , and at 141.45 yen , down from 142.75 yen late Tuesday . 
Barely half-an-hour aloft . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- 
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . '' 
Mr. Trump , who vowed Wednesday to `` go forward '' with the bid , said he was dropping it `` in light of the recent change in market conditions . '' 
A domestic foreign exchange market would be set up as part of an overhaul of the nation 's banking system . 
This misguided policy could not prevent a British trade deficit . 
Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk-bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market . 
A spokesman said the properties survived without significant damage in last week 's Northern California earthquake . 
Included in the three-year contract are options for two one-year renewals . 
The way Mr. Strieber tells it in his earnest prose , the intelligence officer who found the craft 's strange debris was forced by the government to call the flower-inscribed scraps parts of a weather balloon . 
Louis Margolis , managing director in charge of equity options and futures at Salomon Inc. , says that trading baskets of stocks began in the 1970s , a decade before the advent of futures . 
But high-yield , high-risk bonds fell 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with the stock market early in the session and never recovered . 
The White House and the Democratic leadership in Congress blame each other for turning capital-gains taxes into such a divisive issue this year . 
The current transaction cost the bank approximately $ 140 million . 
But a lower bid could face rejection by the UAL board . 
He had been president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct . 
In the first hour of trading , about one million shares a minute changed hands on the Big Board as big stock-index arbitrage sell programs pushed prices lower . 
`` Please submit your offers , '' says Felipe Bince Jr . 
Proceeds of the offering will be used to redeem C$ 264 million of preferred shares and to reduce short-term debt , the company said . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
`` The World Series is brought to you by Lexus , who urges you to help relieve the suffering caused by the recent earthquake ... , '' the game announcer said . 
He told reporters in Wellington Tuesday that the government had n't guaranteed the loans to DFC New Zealand Ltd. , an investment bank 80%-owned by the National Provident Fund , and would n't bail it out . 
( The average should drop over time , since the most expensive claims are being settled first ) . 
So far , the industry 's fourth quarter is n't looking too strong either , prompting many analysts to slash earning projections for the rest of the year by as much as one-fourth . 
For the private domestic business economy , the bias was a bit over 0.5 percentage point . 
Revenue rose 6.4 % to $ 3.13 billion from $ 2.94 billion . 
Rep. Chalmers Wylie , an Ohio Republican , rallied to the cause : `` I think the gentlelady is making an important statement . 
But that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are discriminating against blacks , the agency said . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
I , for instance , was perfectly happy at Avery Fisher Hall the other day listening to Helmuth Rilling conduct the Messa per Rossini , a strange piece written by 13 different Italian composers to honor Rossini after his death in 1868 . 
`` The market will have to look for a new theme now and that theme will be a return to growth , '' declares Mary Farrell , a PaineWebber analyst . 
The Bay Area Rapid Transit system , which runs subway trains beneath the bay , is braced for a doubling of its daily regular ridership to 300,000 . 
Mr. Krampe also said that Mercedes plans to bring out new models every year through the mid-1990s and it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 10 or 12 years to compete more effectively with Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus , Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti and Honda Motor Co. 's Acura luxury-car divisions . 
First Boston sweetened the terms from the original yield estimate in an apparent effort to place the huge offering . 
Still , caution is advisable . 
Exxon Corp. said it will move its headquarters from Manhattan to Dallas . 
Charles R. Simpson Jr. , 46 , president and chief operating officer , will assume the chief executive 's post . 
The new technology , which creates a very thin piece of steel , radically reduces the costs of making flat-rolled sheets . 
The Ashland , Ky. , oil company reported a $ 38 million charge resulting from settlement of a 10-year dispute with the National Iranian Oil Co. over claims that Ashland did n't pay for Iranian crude it had received . 
The company does n't wait until the final hours to get ready for hurricanes . 
West German bonds firmed a bit after Monday 's fall , but traders said the market remains bearish due to speculation that interest rates could rise again . 
He describes a Mastergate flunky as one who experienced a `` meteoric disappearance '' and found himself `` handling blanket appeals at the Bureau of Indian Affairs . '' 
She and her husband started a small printing business and need the car for work as well as for weekend jaunts . 
Himont is 81%-owned by Montedison S.p . A. of Milan , Italy . 
But most businesses in the Bay area , including Silicon Valley , were n't greatly affected . 
Within a matter of weeks , less-conservative magazines reported that members of the ruling LDP had received much larger donations from pachinko organizations . 
The next most active top-tier stock was B.A.T Industries , the target of Sir James Goldsmith 's # 13.4 billion bid . 
The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation 's most populous state and accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of goods and services , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto . 
Your article points out the traps people fall into , but when reviewing those traps one sees just about all of them could have been avoided . 
Metropolitan Life ad executives could n't be reached about the use of the Peanuts characters by others . 
The $ 500 million in notes , the largest chunk of Western Union 's $ 640 million in long-term debt , stems from the company 's major restructuring in December 1987 . 
OPEC 's ability to produce more oil than it can sell is starting to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
The World Psychiatric Association voted at an Athens parley to conditionally readmit the Soviet Union . 
`` It shows that there are buyers of high-quality assets at high prices in today 's market , '' said Robert Long , managing director and head of the high-yield research department at First Boston Corp . 
Mr. Sheinberg remains as executive vice president . 
Kawasaki-Rikuso , a freight company , set up its own software subsidiary this year and is spending nearly a year 's profit to more than double the computer terminals at its main office . 
Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar , which reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars ; to accelerated buying of Rorer products in the second quarter because of a then-pending July 1 price increase , and to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 . 
Hudson 's Bay Co. announced terms of a previously proposed rights issue that is expected to raise about 396 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 337 million ) net of expenses . 
It is the New Journalism come to television . 
Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . 
Norfolk Southern went up 1 1\/8 to 37 7\/8 . 
Mr. Sculley also indicated that sagging margins , which dogged the company through most of 1989 , began to turn up in the fourth quarter as chip prices eased . 
Traders said many of the sell programs are positions being established ahead of this Friday 's expiration . 
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted 332,000 for the week ended Oct. 14 from 396,000 the previous week , the Labor Department said . 
Intel said it had corrected the problems and would start producing bugless chips next week . 
The success of newcomer SsangYong Motor shows the strength of the auto market and its growing diversity . 
But the old guard hired the New Crowd people : It brought in its own cuckoos . 
The time schedule for installing the equipment also will be developed by the task force , the company said . 
They could attract one-issue voters by adopting the right-to-life movement 's strongest position , even as pro-choice Republicans knew this mattered little on an issue monopolized by the court . 
Editor Hasse Olsson said plans had called for 7,000 copies of the monthly Are Paev ( Business Paper ) to be sold at newsstands and an additional 3,000 promotion issues to be sent by direct mail . 
The industrial revolution has produced an explosion in the capital market , which is a far cheaper source of funds than government-controlled banks , where interest rates for prime borrowers are around 16 % . 
The move will make the drug available free of charge for a time to children with the disease and symptoms of advanced infection . 
Accepted bids ranged from 8.328 % to 8.347 % . 
`` I do n't know whether it was done properly or not , because I 'm not a lawyer , '' he said in a telephone interview yesterday . 
Plaintiffs ' lawyers say that buildings become `` sick '' when inadequate fresh air and poor ventilation systems lead pollutants to build up inside . 
`` I wanted to be in business . '' 
New America High Income Fund recently said that it plans to reduce its leverage position by buying back $ 5 million in preferred stock and notes from investors . 
At the same time , Daiwa and its brethren have faced stiff competition from well-entrenched American competitors that have prevented them from building strong links to U.S. corporations and institutional investors . 
The loan was to have matured in just two to three years , as soon as construction was completed . 
Time eluded Paramount by acquiring Warner Communications Inc . 
While brand loyalty is far from dead , marketing experts say it has eroded during the 1980s . 
From its peak in 1972 of $ 198.41 , the average American weekly wage had fallen to $ 169.28 in 1987 -- both figures being expressed in 1977 dollars . 
Increasingly accurate estimates of the severity of the quake became available before I got to my car . 
While some are renegade riders who simply scorn regulations , much bad riding simply reflects ignorance that can be corrected through `` education and peer pressure , '' says Jim Hasenauer , a director of the International Mountain Biking Association . 
The company made the announcement after the close of the markets , where its stock finished at $ 10.75 , up 25 cents , in over-the-counter trading . 
`` What they are telling you is that they do n't have the ability to generate higher returns internally , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
Soldiers and sailors are still measured in inches and pounds . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.43 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.42 percentage points . 
These latter-day scalawags would be ill-advised to take advantage of the situation , if they ever expect to face the people of South Carolina again . 
`` There 's no reason to believe that juries rule inappropriately , '' he says . 
It had a $ 258.9 million loss in the second quarter . 
The joke here is that the Giants lost by de fault . 
Sales were $ 730.1 million , up 7 % from $ 679.5 million . 
Factories operated at 83.7 % of capacity , the lowest rate in more than a year and down from 84.1 % in September . 
A man said he saw the upper rim undulate . 
Steel shares fell back after advancing for three days . 
Magazines are n't delivered at all , even if an individual 's name is listed ; employees who want their magazines have to pick them up from the mail room or the company library -- and are told to change the subscriptions to their home addresses . 
Reasons for the collapse of the Nimitz Freeway were sketchy yesterday . 
`` This acquisition is another indication of Texaco 's commitment to increase the company 's reserve base , '' said Chief Executive Officer James W. Kinnear . 
`` The stock market clearly is leading the bond markets , '' said Jack Conlon , an executive vice president at Nikko Securities . 
`` I agree , it 's ridiculous , '' says Mr. Boren , and indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- or rather , not to take -- covert action . 
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % . 
The weaker he gets , the more he turns toward the U.S. for help . 
IBM said it thought more companies would become interested as the project progresses . 
He previously was staff director and counsel for the Senate committee on banking , housing and urban affairs . 
The odds are against him , as he himself would no doubt tell you . 
`` You could still have some very bad times ahead , '' said Mr. Bachmann . 
Americans did n't dislike metrics ; they simply ignored them . 
And it is estimated that more than 20 % of that , $ 70 billion , goes to `` defensive medicine '' -- those measures taken by doctors to protect themselves from the most unlikely possibilities . 
Quips David Shulman , director of real estate research for Salomon Brothers Inc. : `` A theme of the Urban Land conference will be ` take a pension fund manager to lunch . 
Warner has filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against Sony and the Guber-Peters duo , who in turn are countersuing Warner for trying to interfere in Sony 's acquisition of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber Peters Entertainment Co. in two transactions valued at over $ 5 billion . 
Producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer , who shepherded `` Flashdance '' through several scripts and ultimately produced the movie , bristle when Messrs. Guber and Peters take credit for the film . 
The poll also noted fear of a takeover as a stress-producing event in larger companies . 
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave . 
In reaction to proposed capital-gains legislation , groups are lobbying to make sure they are n't left off the gravy train . 
Stock-index arbitrage is the most controversial form of program trading because it accelerates market moves , if not actually causing them . 
Mr. Greenspan 's decision to keep quiet also prompted a near-mutiny within the Fed 's ranks . 
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million . 
If a deal can be made to cut the world 's Ortegas loose from Moscow , why not ? 
The chief culprits , he says , are big companies and business groups that buy huge amounts of land `` not for their corporate use , but for resale at huge profit . '' 
Because of the size of the proposed loan guarantee , the Ex-Im Bank 's preliminary commitment is subject to review by the House and Senate Banking committees . 
Interviews with three major fund groups -- Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group Inc. and T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. -- confirm the trend . 
Directors elected R. Marvin Womack , currently vice president\/product supply , purchasing , to head the company 's Washington , D.C. , office . 
`` There 's a rising fear that perhaps Mrs. Thatcher 's style of management has become a political liability , '' says Bill Martin , senior economist at London brokers UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
International Business Machines and Bank of America are among the companies using the single-adjudicator approach . 
When President Bush travels to Costa Rica today , he 'll go with little of the fanfare that accompanies many of his foreign travels . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading , Bank of Montreal closed at C$ 33.25 , up 87.5 Canadian cents . 
The bonds are tentatively priced to yield from 6.90 % in 1996 to 7.55 % in 2023 . 
Maine Republican William Cohen said the plan might violate the assassination ban . 
If the battle continues much longer , many fast-food businesses will close or merge , predicts Vincent Morrissey , who owns a string of Kentucky Fried Chicken stores in the Midwest . 
The Bush administration ought to be setting aside some of its buckshot for the non-duck ducks . 
AT&T unveiled a sweetened early retirement plan for management that the company hopes will save it $ 450 million in the next year . 
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million of commercial paper in each maturity next Tuesday . 
PRODUCTS DON'T have to be first to be winners . 
The average yield on a six-month CD of $ 50,000 or less was 7.90 % , compared with 7.94 % a week earlier . 
The next day , Mr. Schaeffer presented the couple with a check for $ 151,000 to help them build a new home in the same neighborhood . 
Officials also insist Mr. Bush will use the trip to highlight his own initiatives for pushing democracy in the region , fighting illegal drugs and assisting the less developed countries . 
Most other supercomputer manufacturers have yet to adopt the Posix standard , Mr. Paluck said , adding that they prefer to maintain proprietary systems that lock in customers . 
Only a year ago , the chairman of Bond Corp. , who controls about 58 % of the company , appeared to be building a war chest to attack some big companies . 
Citicorp yesterday reported a 9 % third-quarter earnings drop , which analysts called a bit disappointing , while Manufacturers Hanover Corp. posted a $ 789 million loss for the quarter after adding $ 950 million to its reserve for loans to less-developed countries . 
`` Everything has to be the same between countries , '' says Campo 's Stefan Campo , who is asking clients to sign protest petitions . 
Shearson is offering the notes as 6 3\/4 % securities priced to yield 6.15 % . 
Dow Jones is the publisher of The Wall Street Journal . 
Two weeks later -- perhaps in retaliation -- Mr. Ortiz was shot three times in the back , during what police classified as a third robbery attempt . 
Farmers Home Administration ( FmHA ) loans have turned into de facto giveaway programs ; losses over the next three years are expected to exceed $ 20 billion . 
The Dorrance estate , auctioned off in a series of sales held over four days , included porcelains , furniture and paintings . 
The final rule wo n't require such a breakdown of the allowances for loan losses , which appears on the balance sheet . 
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third-quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` The economy is crashing hard , '' says an Asian economist in Beijing . 
The Soviet Union has purchased roughly eight million tons of grain this month , and is expected to take delivery by year end , analysts said . 
Revenue edged up 3.4 % to $ 904 million from $ 874 million in last year 's third quarter . 
European venture capital funds total about $ 14 billion and are expected to continue growing 35 % annually . 
Previous talks between Pittston , of Greenwich , Conn. , and the union have been sporadic and unsuccessful . 
Prior to the ruling the federal government had regulated only the telephone companies in Quebec , Ontario , British Columbia and the Northwest Territories . 
GM 's U.K. unit holds crucial talks today with union officials about its consideration of an Ellesmere Port site for its first major engine plant in Britain . 
Meanwhile , Secretary of State Baker said the U.S. protested to Moscow over shipments of East bloc arms to Salvadoran rebels from Managua . 
For whom is the saving ? 
A year ago , Viacom had a net loss of $ 56.9 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
Ms. Raptopoulos noted that relating economic numbers to specific market activity is tricky . 
The Los Angeles-based bank holding company disclosed last Friday that it had taken a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank , the result of the state 's worsening real-estate market . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
The dollar began yesterday on a firm note in Tokyo , closing higher in late trade . 
Mr. Bennett declined to name the area officials who he believes have impeded plans for building more federal prisons to ease Washington 's problem . 
NewsEdge uses an FM radio band to carry news wires provided by Reuters , McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones & Co. , as well as PR Newswire , which carries corporate press releases . 
Mr. Bebear made his remarks at a breakfast meeting with reporters here yesterday as part of a tour in which he is trying to rally support in the U.S. for the proposed acquisition . 
The I-880 section had completed the first phase of the retrofitting . 
The vaccine , however , causes allergic reactions that can be fatal . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
That 's not plot . 
But all funding is cut for the Philippines , and projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million , or less than a sixth of the administration 's request . 
City and County of Honolulu , Hawaii -- $ 75 million of obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , via competitive bid . 
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 5\/32 , down 3\/32 . 
The caster improves the metallurgical quality of the iron mill rolls , which are basically huge rolling pins used to flatten or shape steel products . 
Mr. Wathen says his turnaround strategy has been simple : just hack away at the fat . 
WELLS FARGO & CO. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue $ 4.9 billion , NYSE , minor damage at headquarters , 12 branches out of 170 in Northern California sustained structural damage that will preclude them from opening in the near future , 45 locations with at least one automatic teller machine inoperable , central computer systems are operating , no injuries . 
In any case , supplies to patients wo n't be interrupted , the company added . 
The changes , which could be announced as early as today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , officials said . 
Inventories are creeping up ; car inventories are already high , and big auto makers are idling plants . 
It generally fetches no more than # 25,000 ( $ 39,400 ) -- roughly # 16,000 less than the highest-priced Jaguars , which are all known for their hand-crafted leather work . 
Known as a traditional executive , he is very much in the conservative American Express mold . 
The market `` is going to wind down , '' says Gerald W. Perritt , a Chicago money manager . 
The climb in wholesale energy prices is certain to push up retail energy prices in the next few months , they warned . 
A separate inquiry by Chemical cleared Mr. Edelson of allegations that he had been lavishly entertained by a New York money broker . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera and government officials insist that foreigners will be limited to investing in secondary petroleum products . 
The company 's decision was made after First Hospital failed to obtain financing for its offer . 
For car marketers , it has become a much tougher battle to keep loyal customers from defecting to one of the new makes on the block . 
DSP makes electronic instrumentation and data acquisition systems . 
Weirton Steel Corp. , Weirton , W. Va. , for example , is touting to homeowners fashionable steel doors , with leaded glass inserts , as a secure and energy-efficient alternative to wooden or aluminum ones . 
Industry officials say the Bay Bridge -- unlike some bridges -- has no earthquake coverage , either , so the cost of repairing it probably would have to be paid out of state general operating funds . 
And the risks are n't appropriate for us , '' he says . 
Eastman Kodak Co. , seeking to position itself in the potentially huge high-definition television market , unveiled a converter that can transform conventional motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
The measure includes $ 2 million secured by Mr. Rudman for a marine-research project at the University of New Hampshire , and Sen. Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C . ) used his power to add $ 10 million for an advanced technology initiative in the Commerce Department . 
The left also is critical of the style of the Socialist government -- a remarkable parallel to the situation in Britain . 
Gold , a closely watched barometer of investor anxiety , was little changed . 
If you start saving for your child 's eduction on Jan. 1 , 1990 , here 's the monthly sum you will need to invest to pay for four years at Yale , Notre Dame and University of Minnesota . 
That 's because they only drop `` mere names , '' says Mr. Churchill . 
This being typed in a standing position . 
Soon after the release of the U.S. trade figures , the dollar plunged to an intraday low of 140.95 yen . 
Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months , but it is now in the midst of a restructuring plan and management says the company is no longer for sale . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5990 , up from $ 1.5920 late Wednesday . 
The results surpassed analysts ' forecasts , which averaged around # 200 million , and Marks & Spencer responded in trading on London 's Stock Exchange with an eight pence rise to 188 pence . 
That purchase doubled Quebecor 's annual printing revenue to $ 750 million . 
His 1988 salary was $ 575,000 , with a $ 575,000 bonus . 
These proposals include changing the term of the chairman , shortening the terms of the members , eliminating the presidents of the Federal Reserve Banks from the decision-making process , putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Federal Reserve Board , having the Fed audited by an arm of Congress ( the General Accounting Office ) , putting the Fed 's expenditures in the budget , and requiring prompt publication of the Fed 's minutes . 
In London , British Airways Chairman Lord King was quoted in the Times as declaring he is `` not prepared to take my shareholders into a hasty deal . '' 
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months . 
He tried management consulting , traded in turquoise for a while , and even managed professional wrestlers . 
The story of tumor-suppressor genes goes back to the 1970s , when a pediatrician named Alfred G. Knudson Jr. proposed that retinoblastoma stemmed from two separate genetic defects . 
Starting next month , Eastern will begin flying 775 flights daily instead of the previously announced 700 , they said . 
Daily output is expected to decline by at least another 500,000 barrels next year . 
The federal agency said that in the year through Oct. 21 production totaled 12,573,758 tons , up 7.1 % from 11,742,368 tons . 
As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- storage products , including controllers and disk drives ; and microcomputer products , which include graphics , communications and peripheral control chips . 
Just down the street , Chris Volvo invites serious shoppers to test-drive a new Volvo to any other dealership along the strip , and compare the cars side-by-side . 
-- Thomas Henry . 
Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. is having trouble structuring a $ 1.6 billion offering for TW Food Services Inc. and will postpone or even cancel the issue . 
Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa Director , External Affairs The World Bank 
Softly introducing and explaining his pieces , Mr. Glass looks and sounds more like a shaggy poet describing his work than a classical pianist playing a recital . 
Roy E. Parrott , the company 's president and chief operating officer since Sept. 1 , was named to its board . 
In response to BellSouth 's amended pact , the Kirkland , Wash. , company extended its own offer to buy 22 million LIN shares for $ 125 apiece , which would give McCaw a 50.3 % controlling interest . 
Houston Lighting is a unit of Houston Industries Inc. , a utility holding company in Houston . 
U.S. car dealers had an average of 59 days ' supply of cars in their lots at the end of September , according to Ward 's Automotive Reports . 
The bill also would give the SEC the power to close the markets , a discretion that former SEC Chairman David Ruder wanted but Mr. Breeden does n't . 
He said the improvement was a result of cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending two sales organizations and focusing more carefully the company 's promotional activities . 
Genentech Inc. said the West German distributor of its heart drug TPA reached a joint marketing agreement with a subsidiary of Hoechst AG , which makes the rival anti-clotting agent streptokinase . 
Other conservative champions , like Wyoming Republican Sen. Malcolm Wallop , a longtime SDI advocate , do n't have the clout with the Bush White House that they enjoyed with President Reagan . 
`` I cut my losses and ran , '' she says , from her new home in Colorado , where she is busy remodeling . 
The Chicago-based food and consumer goods concern was acquired in April 1986 in a $ 6.2 billion leveraged buy-out engineered by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co . 
The board 's actions leave takeover stock traders nursing some $ 700 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone who might make a new offer . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
China 's leaders have promised generous liberties for post-1997 Hong Kong . 
He said the stock has n't traded below 1 1\/2 times book value over the past 10 years , which at the moment computes to a stock price of $ 100 . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Equitec closed at $ 2.625 a share , unchanged . 
However , many institutional investors are reacting to the stock market 's plunge as `` a great buying opportunity , '' said Charles I. Clough , chief investment strategist at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Never in my life have I been so frightened . 
Once { asbestos } is released into the environment , it can lodge anywhere , '' says Richard A. Dennis , the assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the case . 
For the past couple of years , Westmoreland has undertaken an aggressive streamlining of all aspects of its business . 
Many investment managers say futures are useful as a way to hedge portfolios . 
`` By doing it in this manner we can have , I would say , more time without the press of social activities or mandatory joint appearances , things of that nature for public consumption , '' Mr. Bush said . 
What more could a con man in search of the easy life ask for ? 
`` ` God has not yet ordained that I should have earnings , ' he tells his worried mother . '' 
The aerospace concern earned $ 28.8 million , or 61 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Arthur Klein , president of Young & Rubicam 's New York office , stepped down `` temporarily '' in the wake of charges by a federal grand jury in New Haven , Conn. , that he , the agency and another top executive bribed Jamaican tourist officials to win its account in 1981 . 
And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital . 
With proper warning , diabetics can easily raise their blood sugar to safe levels by eating sugar or sugary food . 
Kean forces play down any differences with Mr. Courter , but this history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Intel told analysts that the company will resume shipments of the chips within two to three weeks . 
That may not come as a surprise to Americans who have watched the Japanese snap up properties in the U.S. from golf courses to a stake in Rockefeller Center . 
Two weeks ago , Citicorp and Mr. Lang pumped $ 800,000 into Matilda just to keep the doors open . 
Hewlett-Packard will charge $ 5,000 for a license covering 10 users . 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
`` I happen to think it was right , '' Mr. Bush said flatly . 
But the guidelines could `` make it impossible to commercialize research , '' says Kenneth Smith , associate provost and vice president for research at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
Even in the short run , the investment boom could exacerbate a disturbing trend : Japanese exports are showing surprisingly little tendency to ease . 
`` What is the way forward ? 
Hiroyuki Wada , general manager of the stock department at Okasan Securities , said Monday 's trading was `` unfocused . '' 
Up to now , the main weapon of the `` worker and peasant state '' has been the ideology of socialism . 
Volume for the entire month of September totaled only 21,687 contracts , compared with a daily average of 27,000 in the month before the 1987 crash . 
For $ 15 , they can enjoy their own nightly entertainment , with dinner , without mom and dad . 
`` The earnings were fine and above expectations , '' said Michael W. Blumstein , an analyst at First Boston Corp . 
The award , although far less than the $ 10 million , including punitive damages , that Ms. Midler sought , is likely to force Madison Avenue to further rethink how they use famous songs in ads . 
The Japanese government does n't allow this . 
John Lehman 's editorial-page article on the Pentagon as a haunted house omits the real roots of its ghost population ( `` In the Pentagon , the Undead Walk , '' Oct. 18 ) . 
It also is trying to shore up its tobacco business . 
He is a senior partner with the law firm of Riordan & McKinzie and is a partner in Riordan Venture Management . 
Even with that power show , though , the Oakland Series ' star , certified by the Most Valuable Player award , was a pitcher , Dave Stewart . 
Increasingly , economists say the big deficit reflects the slipping competitive position of British industry . 
The agreement ended a long impasse between the congressional leaders and the White House over the wage issue . 
But they are also talking about new magazines . 
Now , there have been a number of questions raised . '' 
In addition to free massages , there was free counseling , phone calls and a free shuttle bus to a health club , which offered up its showers , saunas and hot tubs . 
And the Japanese make far more suggestions -- 2,472 per 100 eligible employees vs. only 13 per 100 employees in the 
But while further modest declines might be ahead , Mr. Hafer said it would be difficult to get through resistance levels just above yesterday 's high . 
They also address such taboo subjects as the likelihood of unemployment and high inflation , and recommend ways to soften the social consequences . 
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 542 to 362 , while 208 issues were unchanged . 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
The increase was spread fairly evenly among all three types of funds . 
N W Ayer 's president and chief executive officer , Jerry J. Siano , said the agency is holding `` conversations '' about acquiring Zwiren Collins Karo & Trusk , a midsized Chicago agency , but a deal is n't yet close to being completed . 
Burger King 's chief executive officer , Barry Gibbons , stars in ads saying that the fast-food chain will donate 25 cents to the Red Cross for every purchase of a BK Doubles hamburger . 
The collection , which includes two early Picassos , a van Gogh , a Monet , other paintings , furniture and porcelains , went on sale last night in the first of six auctions . 
These include trying to protect its print advertising by invoking the First Amendment , and wooing blacks by portraying itself as a protector of civil rights . 
Other temperature data show similar unexplained swings . 
Brokers said the declines early in the day were partly caused by losses of the ruling Christian-Democratic Union in communal elections in the state of Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
Wheat futures prices fell , however , at least partly in reaction to the rumored selling of futures contracts equal to several million bushels of wheat by commodity speculator Richard Dennis . 
The New York-based company reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 5.1 million , or 10 cents a share , compared with a year-earlier net loss of $ 6.2 million , or 12 cents a share . 
A spokesman for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , said the network was `` looking into what happened . '' 
`` Step up to the plate and take the big swing . 
Mr. Alexander , for his part , insisted that the punchers ca n't assign their pummeling rights to anyone else , ca n't use a blunt instrument and ca n't take a running start . 
An FDA spokesperson said the drugs are still available under other brand names . 
Miss DeLay requested that he come to her studio with a tape of the recital . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the freight railroad earned $ 83 million , or $ 1.21 a share . 
Dr. Redfield 's report on early experiments using an AIDS vaccine made by MicroGeneSys Inc. of West Haven , Conn. , came at a meeting of AIDS vaccine researchers in Florida late Monday . 
We practically ran our own studio . '' 
`` It 's a quiet retreat , '' said Mr. Howley . 
Think I 'll buy one of those `` I Survived '' T-shirts after all . 
But the average Indian had tremendous hope in the youthful leader and his promise to make both government and the ruling party more effective and less corrupt . 
Especially his neighbors , the major U.S. steelmakers . 
Mr. Mitterrand proposed that a conference be convened next fall to write a new treaty for the EC allowing a European central bank , and that the treaty be ratified by 1992 . 
Still , there is money to be made . 
In the end , Teddy returns alone to America , leaving Ruth in Max 's chair . 
As part of its decision to leave the building , Chase tried to sell its interest , along with the Atlas estate 's interest , shortly after the October 1987 stock market crash . 
Taco Bell has turned around declining customer counts by permanently lowering the price of its tacos . 
The established charities are bothered by this but say they can do little about it . 
Some jobs already have been moved to Australia , and there are plans to place others in Canada . 
Michael F. Klatman , director of corporate public relations at Data General Corp. , was named to the new position of vice president , corporate communications , of this maker of data storage equipment . 
It 's when these rationalizations fall on deaf ears that the old standby of retribution for treatment at the hands of the Ottoman Empire comes to the fore . 
Detrex said it is one of at least 17 companies notified by the Environmental Protection Agency that they may be potentially responsible for cleaning up the Fields Brook watershed near Detrex 's Ashtabula plant at a total cost the EPA estimates at $ 48 million -- a figure Detrex said the companies dispute . 
He already has achieved vertical integration on a limited scale : Quebecor can put a weekly newspaper on almost any Quebec doorstep without using outside help , from chopping down the tree to making the newsprint to flinging it up onto the porch . 
Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. representatives criticized Mr. Tonkin 's plan as unworkable . 
One of Dun & Bradstreet 's chief businesses is compiling reports that rate the credit-worthiness of millions of American companies . 
Diesel Kiki Co . ( Japan ) -- 
The yearlong schedule of festivities will be kicked off officially with a combination live and animation half-time special at the Super Bowl in January . 
It 's also the prime showcase for a country whose world dominance in the industry is increasingly acknowledged , and therein lies the draw . 
Bio-Technology , a New York maker of genetically engineered products for human and animal health care , said it made the exchange offer to reduce its interest payments . 
Reduction , if not the total cessation , of drug consumption is the requirement for victory . 
Douglas Jones , an attorney representing Richard O. Kelly Sr. , the chairman and president of Capital Trust , says his client denies that there was any attempt to defraud investors . 
But as stock prices recovered some of the early losses , so did the U.S. currency . 
Instead , the Dunde ice-core record shows increasing temperatures from 1900 through the early 1950s , decreasing temperatures from the late 1950s through the mid-1970s , then higher temperatures again through last year . 
Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who live in the West and are well-educated , affluent and , especially , young . 
All kinds of landmark Texas real estate has been snapped up by out-of-staters . 
Mr. Kume made the earnings projection for fiscal 1990 , ending next March 31 , in an interview with U.S. automotive writers attending the Tokyo Motor Show . 
In addition , he noted , the issue would normally be the type purchased by property and casualty insurers , but recent disasters , such as Hurricane Hugo and the Northern California earthquake , have stretched insurers ' resources and damped their demand for bonds . 
The December contract opened just under Monday 's close , triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $ 1,030 a metric ton , pushing the price to $ 1,040 , and then encountered heavy selling by traders who buy and sell for their own accounts and by commercial interests . 
Municipals 
Mr. Platt is advising clients that `` the near-term direction of bond prices is likely to remain upward . '' 
Politburo member Joachim Herrman confessed to a `` grave concern '' over Hungarian democracy . 
Under the debt-equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers . 
A few years ago , Mobil restructured the entire company during an industrywide shakeout . 
At a nearby corner , they swerve perilously close to a listing apartment house , oblivious to any danger . 
These changes come a tad late for Princeton\/Newport , the first RICOed securities firm . 
Flight Attendants Lag Before Jets Even Land 
And the booming market has already attracted many of the nation 's biggest institutional investors . 
Under a proposed two-step amalgamation involving share swaps , ABM Gold Corp. , a gold exploration and management company , will merge with Neptune Resources Corp. , United Gold Corp. and Inca Resources Inc . 
`` I 'm not saying they 've stopped altogether , but future deals are going to be structured differently and bids probably wo n't be as high . '' 
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude . 
Mr. Smith says the Bill of Rights commercial , which trumpets the themes of liberty and freedom of expression , is n't designed to have any special appeal for smokers . 
It was n't until the early 1980s that Akzo nursed itself back to health . 
Further , GSX will buy $ 1 million of Enviropact common stock , at $ 2.625 a share , plus an option to acquire an additional $ 1.5 million of common at the same price , the company said . 
`` Suddenly CDC ( Control Data ) has a competitive product to fight back against the VAX9000 , '' a machine Digital announced last month , he added . 
The 11 banks in the syndicate sustained no monetary losses because none of the credit facility had been drawn down . 
The federal Office of Thrift Supervision approved the conversion last Friday , HomeFed said . 
`` On certain occasions a spirit could be earthbound and make itself known , '' he says . 
In a statement , Grand Met said its recent `` growth and wider geographic spread '' made it necessary to create the new position . 
Maybe they were hidden by all the people . '' 
Two of the last gestures of the Honecker regime were to close the border to Czechoslovakia and install halogen lights in some spots along the frontier . 
Earlier this year , Tata Iron & Steel Co. 's offer of $ 355 million of convertible debentures was oversubscribed . 
NRM suspended its common distribution in June 1988 and the distribution on its $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units in September . 
Rupert Murdoch acquired a 25 % stake in Grupo Zeta S.A. , the leading Spanish magazine and newspaper publisher said . 
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . '' 
But Beijing wants to use the base for the People 's Liberation Army after 1997 , when the territory returns to Chinese sovereignty . 
Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari would like to change that . 
So what 's the catch ? 
The golden share dates from Jaguar 's public offering in 1984 and was designed to protect the company from takeover . 
Gasoline terminals were also largely unhurt , they said . 
There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : new trading vehicles such as stock-index futures and options ; computer-driven strategies like program trading ; and crowd psychology . 
Polymerix makes lumber-like materials that it describes as `` plastic wood . '' 
NEW ENGLAND CRITICAL CARE Inc. offered $ 35 million in convertible subordinated debentures through Morgan Stanley & Co. and Prudential-Bache Capital Funding . 
Two previous exorcisms have failed . 
But `` their present financial condition means I 'd have a hard time convincing the vice president in charge of purchasing . '' 
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written . 
-- Allow the EPA to permit the continued use of pesticides that exceed its negligible risk standard if the benefits of doing so outweigh the cost . 
But Pemex 's courtship with private companies , and especially foreign ones , is controversial in a country where oil has been a symbol of national sovereignty since foreign oil holdings were nationalized in 1938 . 
Just two weeks ago , BankAmerica 's yields in many of those maturities was 8.61 % . 
Northwest , a unit of NWA Inc. , and McDonnell Douglas Corp. , which made the MD-80 aircraft , also are pursuing counterclaims against each other in the crash near Detroit Metropolitan Airport . 
Japanese government officials , eager to rebut foreign criticism of Japanese investments overseas , hailed the transaction as proof foreigners can make similar investments in Japan . 
As part of a restructuring announced earlier this year , the company proposed in August to exchange 168 newly issued common shares for each $ 1,000 face value of debt . 
The practice of businesses throwing out junk mail `` is a commonly known problem , and it 's increasing as companies attempt to put through budget cuts across the board , '' right down to the mail-room level , says Stephen Belth , a list consultant and chairman of the Direct Marketing Association 's business-to-business council . 
The Thurmond bill would establish a federally administered death sentence for 23 crimes , most of which were formerly punishable by death under federal statutes that the Supreme Court invalidated . 
An investor who may have placed a stop-loss order at $ 90 under a stock that was trading at $ 100 a share on the Friday before the crash was stunned to discover that the order was filled at $ 75 when the stock opened at that price on Monday . 
Los Angeles financier Marvin Davis , who put United in play with a $ 5.4 billion bid two months ago , last night proffered both a ray of hope and an extra element of uncertainty by saying he remains interested in acquiring UAL . 
The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . 
During time off , Mr. Roman tends to his garden ; Mr. Phillips confesses to a fondness for , among other things , fast cars and planes . 
Mr. Horwitz is a Journal staff reporter covering the Middle East . 
In a stunning shift in direction , Provigo Inc. said it will sell all its non-food operations to concentrate solely on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
In announcing a 1989 capital spending plan of $ 950 million early this year , Caterpillar said full-year earnings would be flat compared with last year 's $ 616 million , or $ 6.07 a share . 
It will reduce spending in a very effective fashion . '' 
Mr. Ondaatje could n't be reached for comment , but Roy Mac-Laren , chairman of CB Media , a closely held concern that publishes two business magazines , said his company would take a close look at the newspaper . 
`` We think it 's very important to provide as much information as possible on the drugs consumers take , '' said Searle Chairman Sheldon Gilgore . 
The previous deadline to complete the sale was Nov. 30 . 
Quack . 
Perhaps it 's entertaining for those like you to discount the concerns of environmentalists , suggesting that their save-the-earth initiatives are `` whacky '' and referring to so many citizens as `` la-la activists . '' 
The witness table is center stage and below it , the paraphernalia for the ever-present media , in this case TNN , the Total News Network . 
European portion of $ 700 million via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
Cummins Engine Co. , Columbus , Ind. , hurt by a drop in engine orders from heavy-truck makers , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 39.7 million , or $ 4.12 a share , on essentially flat sales of $ 807.6 million . 
If tests indicated a low number of red cells , blood was n't taken . 
Sunshine Biscuits Inc. , Woodbridge , N.J. , awarded its estimated $ 5 million account to Waring & LaRosa , New York . 
Now , the personal-computer revolution is finally reaching Japan . 
Work was begun on single family homes -- the core of the housing market -- at an annual rate of 971,000 in September , a drop of 2.1 % from the previous month . 
Odds and Ends 
At BellSouth , based in Atlanta , customer access lines grew by 162,000 , or 3.5 % , during the 12-month period ended Sept . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
He was , in fact , taking an especially keen interest in board matters even before he went to the treasury . 
`` His { Phelan 's } own interests are in building an electronic marketplace , '' said a market maker . 
The updated forecast , published Aug. 25 , compares with an earlier forecast of 6 % published March 1 and a 7.4 % rate achieved in 
It could be a long wait , say some industry observers . 
Three months after she arrived in L.A. she spent $ 120 she did n't have for a hat . 
Of that amount , $ 20 billion has already been borrowed by the Treasury Department . 
`` Credibility sounds intangible . 
The department will make payment for bills maturing on Nov. 2 to all investors who have requested reinvestment of their bills on that date , as well as to all account holders who have previously requested payment . 
They have sent a letter to congressional tax-writers asking that gains from the sale of collectibles also be given preferential treatment . 
`` Unless the questions are answered , I will keep on going . '' 
Informix , which recently said third-quarter net income rose to 16 cents a share from a penny a share a year ago , gained 1 5\/8 to 13 5\/8 on 810,700 shares . 
Witness the Walsh prosecution of Ollie North . 
S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd. began laying the groundwork to launch a rival offer for Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's Australian brewing operations . 
We were lucky . 
In January , the Preti painting that now hangs at CenTrust was expected to bring no more than $ 700,000 at auction until Mr. Paul came along with his $ 1.15 million . 
The lethal shudders that wracked the San Francisco Bay Area -- rated a 6.9 on the Richter scale -- did n't match the great earthquake of 1906 , rated at 8.25 . 
The experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal with a wire of platinum and plunging the two electrodes into `` heavy '' water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form known as deuterium . 
Mr. Ridley 's announcement set off a howl of protests from members of the opposition Labor Party , who accused the Thatcher administration of backing down on promised protection for a privatized company . 
He expects Citicorp to take a similar step this year . 
A company official said Arthur Borie , until January chief operating officer of Pic 'N Save Inc. , will buy a 20 % stake in the new Wisconsin Toy subsidiary , and will act as head of Everything 's a Dollar . 
Last night , after meeting with Mr. Bush and administration officials at the White House , Mr. Dole proposed streamlining the fiscal 1990 deficit-reduction bill , now stalled in a House-Senate conference committee , and passing a long-term extension of the federal debt ceiling without any accompanying amendments . 
If a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports . 
Several executives said another potential contender is WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency , which works on some other Philip Morris products . 
Both firms are in New York . 
Mr. Ohmae is managing director of McKinsey & Co. in Japan . 
Mr. Cortese , a 33-year-old Delta Air Lines engineer , invested some $ 2,000 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns . 
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon . 
Mr. Volk , 55 years old , succeeds Duncan Dwight , who retired in September . 
But Mr. Mahe adds , `` The net loser in the next few years is the right-to-life side . '' 
Eagle Pencil of Shelbyville , Tenn. , `` Pencil City U.S.A. , '' had made its earliest pilot plastic pencils in 1971 . 
`` You just do n't see a whole lot happening , '' says an international economist . 
However , inflation for 1990 was seen slowing to 4.5 % . 
Georgia-Pacific Corp. , exceeding some analysts ' expectations , said third-quarter earnings rose 56 % to $ 178 million , or $ 2.03 a share , from $ 114 million , or $ 1.19 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take-it-or-leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job . 
The next time you hear a Member of Congress moan about the deficit , consider what Congress did Friday . 
The Attorney General 's investigation was sparked by lawsuits and charges by angry California businesspeople that they were swindled in a bureau-sponsored directory project contracted by Better Book . 
`` It 's the one-upsmanship of name-dropping that counts . '' 
Rep. John LaFalce ( D. , N.Y . ) said Mr. Johnson refused to testify jointly with Mr. Mulford and instead asked to appear after the Treasury official had completed his testimony . 
The central bank has been helping , but apparently not especially eagerly . 
For the fiscal year , the company said it anticipates reporting earnings of $ 23 million , or about $ 1.15 a share , including a charge of about $ 5.9 million , or 22 cents a share , related to the merger that created Legent out of Duquesne Systems Inc. and Morino Inc. in March 1989 . 
Over the past nine months , several firms , including discount broker Charles Schwab & Co. and Sears , Roebuck & Co. 's Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. unit , have attacked program trading as a major market evil . 
He expects stocks to decline an additional 5 % to 30 % , with the Dow perhaps bottoming out between 2000 and 2100 `` between now and June . '' 
Mead gained 1 to 37 7\/8 . 
The less-rigorous Senate version would defer the deductibility for roughly five years . 
At a time when Jon Levy should be planning the biggest spring season in his dress company 's 17 years , his work day is studded with intense moments of concern about one of his biggest customers , Campeau Corp . 
`` I can do five things at once -- to be a businessman . '' 
Conference attendees are expected to be buzzing about the workings of the recently formed Resolution Trust Corp. , a federal agency charged with disposing of an estimated $ 200 billion of real estate dumped in government hands by insolvent savings and loans . 
Similarly , a Purdue University team led by heart researcher W.A. Tacker hopes to develop ways to magnetically induce cardiac muscle contractions . 
In fact , the current weakness in auto buying and department-store sales and the gradual upturn in the household saving rate suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Indeed , the U.S. unit edged lower as the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped about 13 points in early trading . 
American , a unit of AMR Corp. , is the nation 's largest airline . 
( After 1992 , the winter and summer Olympics will be held two years apart , with the revised schedule beginning with the winter games in 1994 and the summer games in 1996 . ) 
The play is filled with intrigue , dishonesty and injustice . 
Indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer , such as Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , and match its performance . 
Gerald Maier , president and chief executive officer of the natural-gas pipeline and marketing concern , said the company 's future growth is `` increasingly linked '' to decisions made by Calgary-based gas producers . 
To Mr. Engelken , it is also a story `` about love , because I 'm blessed to have a wife who still thinks her slightly eccentric husband 's 50th birthday deserves the ultimate present . '' 
It expects a $ 1.42 billion quarterly loss . 
NASAA estimates that nearly 90 % of planners receive some or all of their income from sales commissions on securities , insurance and other financial products they recommend . 
Sweden 's National Audit Bureau releases its report confirming payment of about $ 40 million to unidentified Indians . 
An agreement to sell the Wilson assets for $ 150 million in cash and notes collapsed in late September , when the buyer , a company controlled by George Gillett , could n't secure financing . 
These mainly involved such areas as materials -- advanced soldering machines , for example -- and medical developments derived from experimentation in space , such as artificial blood vessels . 
Eurodollar bonds are often issued by foreign corporations , but interest and principal are paid in dollars . 
The ads celebrate the achievements of some of Lake View 's residents . 
Following a tripling of earnings , to $ 3.9 million , on a doubling of revenue , to $ 116 million , over four years , earnings in the company 's fiscal first quarter , which ended June 30 , plunged 90 % to $ 45,000 . 
Instead , he says , `` they were cautious , and that was n't the message we wanted to deliver '' on Monday . 
The loan guarantee would amount to about $ 127.5 million , or 85 % of the cost of the aircraft . 
These firms , which often have acquired a local brokerage firm , are calling the shots when it comes to deciding in which market to transact a trade . 
`` But that is something the president ought to know before he goes ahead . '' 
The team trimmed more than two months from the cycle time previously required to develop comparable proposals . 
Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic sales and earnings , and more substantial increases in overseas results . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Computer Associates International , the most active Big Board issue , was another victim of an earnings-related sell-off . 
`` It would also help us in our search for equity partners . 
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . '' 
The whole notion of `` creativity '' in education was ( and is ) part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against disciplined instruction , which was ( and is ) regarded as `` authoritarian , '' a repression and frustration of the latent talents and the wonderful , if as yet undefined , potentialities inherent in the souls of all our children . 
Last year , the company earned $ 480.4 million , or $ 3.90 a share , on sales of $ 4.3 billion . 
Of immediate concern is whether the Thatcher government will continue Mr. Lawson 's policy of tracking the monetary policies of the West German Bundesbank and responding in kind when the Frankfurt authorities move interest rates . 
Dennis Block , a partner at the New York firm of Weil , Gotshal & Manges , said that in the first eight months of this year , 89 hostile offers were launched , compared with 157 for the first eight months of 
The study , by the CFTC 's division of economic analysis , shows that `` a trade is a trade , '' a member of the study team said . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
As part of what a Recognition spokeswoman termed an `` amiable agreement , '' Prospect Group will wind up with control of top management posts and an increased stake in the maker of data management equipment . 
It could take six months for a claim to be paid . 
Installation of the TV system , which includes providing free 19-inch TV sets in classrooms , begins in January . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Democrats want the tax provision to be a separate bill , subject to the usual procedural obstacles . 
The two offerings bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 31 billion and its total volume to $ 43.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
As their varied strategies suggest , there is more than one way to respond to a disaster -- though it 's too soon to tell whether the changes will pay off . 
Since then she has become wealthy . 
A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle . 
He also thinks foreign investors , who are showing signs of more discriminate investing , will join the pursuit and pump up prices . 
One can understand Mr. Bork 's fear that the new right to privacy will become intolerably stretched , though a Supreme Court composed of men and women with realism , guts and a sense of limits should be able to manage it . 
But the device obscures more than it illuminates . 
`` The Commerce Department says go , and the Defense Department says stop , '' complains one machine tool producer . 
Then they opened small gift shops mostly aimed at Japanese tourists . 
`` You 'll see the annual unraveling of it . '' 
As the book begins , a newly wed Marlowe roars into the desert resort of Poodle ( a.k.a . Palm ) Springs at the wheel of a Cadillac Fleetwood . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it will lay off 75 to 85 technicians here , effective Nov. 1 . 
Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua . 
Analysts said the nation 's second-largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes . 
China 's slide toward recession is beginning to look like a free fall . 
Frank B. Hall Inc. of Briarcliff Manor , N.Y. is reportedly working out an agreement with Helmsley . 
And of course , doing anything that might be second-guessed by Congress carries heavy penalties . 
It was then split into Playtex Apparel Inc. , the intimate apparel division , and Playtex Family Products Corp. , which makes tampons , hair-care items and other products . 
Even the volatility created by stock index arbitrage and other computer-driven trading strategies is n't entirely bad , in Mr. Connolly 's view . 
The chairman and a director of one of the Republic of Singapore 's leading property companies , City Development Ltd. , or CDL , were charged yesterday with criminal breach of trust of some 800,000 Singapore dollars ( about US$ 409,000 ) . 
The Philippine government awarded Finland 's Outokumpu Oy the contract to upgrade the facilities of Philippine Associated Smelting & Refining Corp. , according to documents from National Development Corp. , one of Philippine company 's owners . 
NBC 's winning streak has been canceled . 
Polyurethane foam is a highly efficient insulator , which accounts for why the walls of refrigerators and freezers can be thinner now than they were back in the days when they were insulated with glass fiber . 
But investors noted that under the shelved offering , TW would have needed to grow to meet its debt payments . 
Cartoonists in West Germany have already mocked the exodus by imagining an advertisement placed by Mr. Honecker : `` Wanted : one people . '' 
Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International , Braniff , Integrated Resources , SCI TV , Gillette Holdings , Western Electric and Southmark . 
Ashton-Tate Corp. reported a net loss of $ 19.4 million , or 74 cents a share , for the third quarter , which was burdened by severance costs and the expense of upgrading its database software inventories . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters are n't universally loved in Hollywood but they are well connected . 
The Treasury also said noncompetitive tenders will be considered timely if postmarked no later than Sunday , Oct. 29 , and received no later than tomorrow . 
It 's time the State Department recognized that China does not play by gentlemen 's rules . 
Twenty-five trucks capable of cooking food were dispatched from other states . 
BellSouth 's `` back-end protection was flawed previously . 
Saab and Fiat have worked together in the past , in one case developing jointly a new auto chassis that became the foundation of Saab 's 9000 model , Fiat 's Croma and Lancia 's Thema . 
`` I do n't talk about my work , '' he says . 
Fog shrouded the base before touchdown . 
`` The New York Stock Exchange is losing its cool here , '' said James Andrews , head of institutional trading at Janney Montgomery Scott Inc. in Philadelphia . 
Part of a Series } 
`` We had underfunded Maalox for a year , '' he said , because the company was concentrating on research and development and promoting other drugs . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Then Aer Lingus , the Irish flag carrier , could teach Aeroflot pilots to fly the Boeings , and the fleet could be based here at Shannon Airport . 
Bush vowed to veto a bill allowing federal financing for abortions in cases of rape and incest , saying tax dollars should n't be used to `` compound a violent act with the taking of an unborn life . '' 
By midnight Oct. 6 , all of the paintings were supposed to have been sold off , under orders from Florida 's comptroller , whose office regulates the state 's S&Ls . 
`` We proved a healthy office does n't cost more , '' says Frederic Krupp , executive director of the fund . 
-- Sam Ewing . 
The Senate Commerce Committee already has approved similar legislation . 
The amount Bally and Mr. Trump will pay to settle the class-action suit pales in comparison to the $ 45 million Walt Disney Co. and Saul Steinberg 's Reliance Group Holdings Inc. agreed to pay to settle a similar suit in July . 
Options lost some of their mystery in 1973 when the Chicago Board of Trade set up a special exchange to deal in them . 
There is a huge divide between Mr. Allen 's we're-all-in-this-together view and the divisive litigation approach of the civil rights groups . 
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official . 
He would n't leave until Mr. Cheney promised to do whatever the Pentagon systems analysts told him . 
Should the rest of the Series be played at all ? 
Dentsu 's billings last year were larger than those of Young & Rubicam , the world 's second-largest ad agency , according to a survey by the publication Advertising Age . 
I can attest that a recent Colombian visitor to the U.S. was offered drugs three times in the few blocks ' walk between Grand Central Terminal and the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in midtown Manhattan . 
`` The writer must not invent . '' 
The state of Alaska recently bought the Veritrac system , he says , `` to monitor the Exxon cleanup effort . '' 
There may be a truce in the long war of nerves between the White House and Congress over how this country conducts secret intelligence operations abroad . 
Officials of the Big Three auto makers and 14 petroleum companies said they are setting out to find the most cost-effective fuel for reducing cities ' air-pollution problems , with no bias toward any fuel in particular . 
`` You have to go out to all your constituents , '' says James H. Giffen , who is spearheading the most ambitious attempt by U.S. firms to break into the Soviet market , involving investment of more than $ 5 billion in some two dozen joint ventures . 
Indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of stocks-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders who were unwinding positions that were bets on declining stock prices . 
But David Hawkins , an environmental lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the research appears merely to be a way to promote reformulated gasoline . 
Conservationists say that drift-net fishing threatens to wipe out much of the world 's tuna stocks in a few years . 
During the summer , Wang executives had said they might seek outside investment . 
Mr. Melloan is deputy editor of the Journal . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
Designs call for an L-shaped structure with a playground in the center . 
Eagle 's plastic type sharpens and looks like a wooden pencil . 
The canceled Shanghai loan leaves Asia Development , a small concern , saddled with a half-completed 32-story apartment building and heavy debts . 
After all , this is the industry that has a hard enough time getting any respect , that is the butt of so many jokes that television 's `` L.A. Law '' portrays direct-mail-mogul David as short , bald , intensely nerdy , and unremittingly boring . 
Iverson Technology Corp. was one of the fastest-growing small companies in America -- until last year . 
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . ) 
The fiscal 1989 budget deficit figure came out Friday . 
The merger would create Scandinavia 's seventh largest bank , with combined assets of 210 billion Norwegian kroner ( $ 30.3 billion ) . 
If this pattern continues , the Labor Department said , 1989 will be the first year that the measure has shown an increase since 1981 when the department started comparing expiring contracts with those that replaced them . 
Five months later , Mr. Tisch took over as CBS 's chief executive , and soon he was wielding sole approval each time Mr. Pilson scribbled a frighteningly large figure on a slip of paper , sealed it in an envelope and gave it to sports negotiators . 
For years , a strict regimen governed the staff meetings at Nissan Motor Co. 's technical center in Tokyo 's western suburbs . 
Some former strike-force personnel say the units have already begun to break up . 
`` It 's a Swiss-cheese factory and the cheese smells pretty good , '' commented one veteran lobbyist who was watching the proceedings . 
Joe Frank Sanderson Jr. was elected president and chief executive officer of this poultry producer . 
A competing version of EPO is being developed by Genetics Institute Inc. in Cambridge , Mass . 
That 's because top-yielding funds currently offer yields almost 1 1\/2 percentage points above the average CD yield . 
Texas Air , which owns Continental and Eastern airlines , lost 3\/8 to 13 1\/8 on the American Stock Exchange . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.10 % in 2002 . 
Mr. Andersson is anxious to strengthen Trelleborg 's balance sheet . 
And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs works for itself , supporting Japanese diplomats who sprinkle abundant aid money around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's . 
Because of tax-loss carry-forward , Leucadia said it expects to escape taxes on `` a substantial portion of the gain . '' 
Under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the IRS getting 80 % of the proceeds and the rest being divided among other creditors , including Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan . 
Judge Masaaki Yoneyama told the Osaka District Court Daikin 's `` responsibility is heavy because illegal exports lowered international trust in Japan . '' 
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
In the short term , the move is likely to have little effect . 
Pace rose $ 2.625 to close at $ 22.125 a share in national over-the-counter trading . 
The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb runs nearly five miles along Cobb Parkway , stretching from the Perimeter highway that circles Atlanta to the `` Big Chicken , '' a pullet-roofed fast-food restaurant and local landmark . 
I wish he could wear lifts in his voice . 
And the feature is so new , he adds , that no insurer has yet established a track record for actually making such payments . 
Treasury prices ended mixed in light trading . 
Mr. Lang took on Ms. and Sassy with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. by his newly formed Lang Communications . 
A few attorneys offer horror stories of jobs botched by consultants or of overpriced services -- as when one lawyer paid a consultant ( not at Litigation Sciences ) $ 70,000 to interview a jury after a big trial and later read more informative interviews with the same jurors in The American Lawyer magazine . 
And he is collecting the names of those who telephoned the coup-makers to congratulate them during their brief time in control of his headquarters . 
The classroom itself operated on the periphery of this awful system , discipline collapsed , and kids stopped learning . 
The company has about 8.8 million shares outstanding . 
If you 're still wondering about the causes of the slump in the junk-bond market , consider the case of Columbia Savings & Loan . 
Air traffic at San Francisco International Airport was running about 50 % of normal yesterday afternoon , but airport officals said they expect a return to full operations by Saturday . 
But given the few number of users , the cost to the federal government per passenger is estimated at $ 193 , according to House and Senate appropriations committees . 
The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health-products distributor , a small sporting-goods chain , and a combination catalog showroom and toy-store chain . 
Your story is an insult to the citizens of the Mississippi Delta . 
Its castle , Mr. Schaeffer says , will be `` the most compelling piece of folk architecture ever built . '' 
The catalog retailer reported net income of $ 10.8 million , or 21 cents a share , up sharply from $ 6.6 million , or 13 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The spokesman noted four-hour to five-hour traffic delays on the San Mateo bridge , for example . 
Would that Mr. Gould 's minute descriptions of these creatures was always so colorful . 
For average East Germans , Mr. Krenz remains a puzzle . 
If Eastern can get creditor support , court confirmation of its plan could be relatively swift . 
They lay out a clear timetable and methodology for liberalizing the system of setting prices , breaking up huge industrial monopolies and putting unprofitable state-owned companies out of business . 
Among pharmaceutical shares , Chugai lost 60 yen to 2,290 yen ( $ 16.20 ) , and Mochida fell 150 to 4,290 . 
Unlike stop orders -- which are filled at the market price when the stop price is hit -- stop-limit orders demand that the trades be made only at the specified price . 
The sole limited partner of the partnership is Westwood Brick Lime Inc. , an indirect subsidiary of Westwood Group Inc . 
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading . 
Some may have forgotten -- and some younger ones may never have experienced -- what it 's like to invest during a recession . 
When the computers say `` sell , '' the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
The Tower Commission specifically said that the NSC staff should be `` small '' and warned against letting `` energetic self-starters '' like Lt. Col. Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to the State Department , Pentagon or Central Intelligence Agency . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 12 classes by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Mr. Shilling , who was Merrill Lynch 's chief economist from 1967 to 1971 , has heralded a recession for months . 
But they disagree about the message these settlements give to the public . 
The maker of household products said the new dividend is payable Dec. 1 to shares of record Nov. 10 . 
People are not apt to be self-conscious about the place or themselves . 
The 80-point decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average during the morning trading session touched off a flight to safety that saw investors shifting assets from stocks to Treasury bonds . 
Insurance stocks moved higher in the wake of a strong third-quarter earnings report from Chubb , coming on the heels of speculation that last week 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area would lead to higher premium rates . 
MUTUAL FUNDS ARRIVED IN THE U.S. during the Roaring Twenties ( they had been in Britain for a century ) , but they did n't boom until the money market fund was created in the 1970s . 
A slowing economy and its effect on corporate earnings is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts . 
The Bank has been making adjustment loans for 10 years . 
Republicans especially want a guarantee from the House leadership that they 'll get an up-or-down vote on the bills . 
The county at the end of 1988 had 307,000 jobs , 95,400 of them in the tourist industry . 
`` We had just finished phase two '' of the Cypress project that involved installing a series of retaining cables designed to prevent sections of the roadway from separating as a result of seismic shock , a state DOT engineer said . 
From the history of capitalism we can take it as a sound bet that if it takes only 43 cents to buy a dollar 's worth of a firm 's capital stock , an alert entrepreneur wo n't look the other way . 
Dealers say the firm apparently has wanted to publicize its recent buying and subsequent selling of 30-year bonds by using Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Corp. as a broker . 
A bigger test will come next year if , as many analysts expect , bulk chemical prices slump in Europe . 
The young leave , especially girls who wo n't milk cows by hand . 
Instead it 's a form of `` enhanced rescission , '' giving a President a chance to rescind , or strike , specific spending items that just go too far . 
Factory output dropped 0.2 % , its first decline since February , after having been unchanged in October . 
The Galileo worm apparently was hatched on a computer in France hooked up to NASA 's Space Physics Analysis Network , Mr. Redmond said . 
First Meridian and its officials are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing , according to a spokeswoman for the attorney general . 
But , he added , `` Since the late 1960s , the distribution of income has been slowly getting less equal . 
Net income surged 10 % to 7.12 billion yen from 6.47 billion yen . 
In Big Board composite trading , Schering-Plough shares fell 75 cents to close at $ 74.125 . 
Commodore has assembled an experienced management team , it has persuaded many more dealers to carry its products and it has unleashed a slick advertising campaign . 
The steelmaker employs about 16,000 people . 
In Thursday 's edition , it was incorrectly indicated that the union had paid a fee to former House Speaker Jim Wright . 
The market planning and sales promotion office of Nomura Securities Co. , for example , has more than 30 computers for its 60 workers , a respectable ratio . 
The companies apt to run into earnings problems soonest are the ones with heavy debt loads , says Larry Biehl , partner in the San Mateo , Calif. , money-management firm of Bailard , Biehl & Kaiser . 
Further , I think Mr. Knight made a poor choice in picking `` A Fish Called Wanda '' as an example of the deplorable state of modern comedy movies . 
Personal spending , buoyed by a burst of automobile buying , was the main catalyst to the economy 's expansion . 
In addition , 20 military police from the Presidio , a military base in San Francisco , are assisting with traffic control , and a Navy ship was moved from a naval station at Treasure Island near the Bay Bridge to San Francisco to help fight fires . 
This year Congress , with prodding from President Bush , has been busy trying to put many of these same tax preferences back into the code . 
At Canon Inc. , for example , sales are up nearly 20 % this year ; so , the maker of cameras and computer printers is doing what any Japanese company would do under the circumstances : It is increasing capital spending -- by 60 % . 
Genentech 's first product , a brain protein called somatostatin , proved its technology . 
Bank Building , which expects to report a fourth-quarter loss , said it engaged advisers to `` explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units . '' 
But while it was a move that stunned the East bloc , it hardly ushers in an era of reform -- at least anytime soon . 
Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 . 
But unlike most patients , her roommate was her husband . 
It may not be toxic , but we know where one waste dump is . 
Trinova said it will close , move or overhaul 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities and over the next three years cut 1,500 jobs from its current world-wide payroll of 22,300 employees . 
Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday . 
Auditors involved in noncriminal projects ca n't send anyone to jail , but they can make life miserable in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 150 different civil penalties for negligence , failure to file a return , and the like . 
Mr. Nogales , the first Hispanic person to serve as a Coors director , is an addition to the board , increasing its membership to nine . 
These are the raw materials used in making plastics . 
SHORT INTEREST in International Mobile Machines Corp. fell to 3,102,935 shares in the month ended Oct. 13 from 3,420,936 in September . 
So two weeks ago , thousands of Brooks Brothers charge customers -- customers conditioned to wait for twice-yearly clearance sales -- got a surprise : an invitation to come in and buy any one item for 25 % off . 
The changes come as Reebok , which grew rapidly in the mid-1980s but has seen its sales flatten of late , is seeking to regain momentum in the athletic-shoe business against rivals Nike Inc. and L.A. Gear Inc . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Amsterdam , Brussels and Stockholm , and were mixed in Milan . 
That came to a combined $ 37.7 million under the $ 300-a-share buy-out , but just $ 21.3 million at yesterday 's close . 
Aoki gained 60 yen to 1,480 yen ( $ 10.40 ) . 
A volatile , unofficial `` gray '' market in the shares has been operating in Paris for about two weeks . 
The apartment she shares with a 12-year-old daughter and her sister was rattled , books and crystal hit the floor , but nothing was severely damaged . 
The crowd remained good natured , even bemused . 
The idea is to lock in profits from short-term swings in volatile markets . 
Col. North conveyed the request to his superiors and to Assistant Secretary of State Elliot Abrams , who relayed it to Secretary of State George Shultz . 
MCA Inc. said its toy-making unit agreed to buy Buddy L Corp. , producer of a line of toy vehicles and preschool products . 
Microlog Corp. , formerly called Old Dominion Systems Inc. , offering of 1.2 million common shares , of which one million will be sold by the company , and the balance by holders , via Hambrecht & Quist and Johnston , Lemon & Co . 
Strong investor demand prompted the utility to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion . 
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free . 
An ITT spokesman said the charge was n't publicly reported at the time . 
James Gatward , TVS 's chief executive , said in a statement that he will `` assume overall responsibility '' for MTM 's operations until a successor is named . 
The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related . 
`` The ( CD ) market is unsettled right now , '' said Banxquote 's Mr. Mehl . 
They are spread around the country and include locations in California , Florida , Washington and Arizona . 
Typically , Mr. Willens estimates , this type of debt makes up 15 % to 20 % of the financing for LBOs . 
Even though the U.S. also has supported Canadian membership , it has n't been a Washington priority . 
The average seven-day compound yield of the funds reached 9.62 % in late April . 
That means it 's unlikely the company will surpass last year 's $ 4.9 billion full-year profit , even though net for the first nine months was up 1.9 % to $ 3.52 billion on revenue of $ 95.57 billion . 
`` There wo n't be any formal resolutions or communiques , I do n't think . 
Combined with recalculations and revisions in other trade areas , the value of U.S. net exports that had not previously been recorded was about $ 20 billion a year . 
`` I do n't want expensive machines . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
He resigned as an officer of Central Life to accept the Manhattan National presidency . 
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said . 
Call it disaster marketing . 
But ever since the Supreme Court 's Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services decision this year changed the political landscape of the abortion issue , the president seemingly has tried just as hard to avoid saying anything more unless pressed to the wall . 
At last night 's sale , 13 of 44 works that sold were purchased by Aska International Gallery , the art-acquisition unit of Aichi Financial , a Japanese conglomerate that owns 7.5 % of Christie 's . 
For the 43 million people with disabilities and their families , this legislation is the `` Emancipation Proclamation . '' 
The company had losses for several years before turning profitable in fiscal 1988 . 
For instance , First Quadrant Corp. , an asset allocator based in Morristown , N.J. , said it quickly boosted stock positions in its `` aggressive '' accounts to 75 % from 55 % to take advantage of plunging prices Friday . 
Secured creditors would recover both principal and interest , while unsecured creditors would receive only principal and interest accrued before PS of New Hampshire filed for Bankruptcy Code protection in January 
Mr. Corry , who has boned up on corporate raiders by reading T. Boone Pickens 's autobiography , had hoped the detente would continue . 
The company yesterday also said it was scrapping one of its major new products , a 760-megabyte drive , which , while technically proficient , did n't hold much promise of generating substantial orders because financing problems caused a nine-month delay in getting the product to market . 
Nor was it intended to dictate a set of prescriptive solutions , although various points were raised . 
Warnaco was taken private by Spectrum Group in 1986 for about $ 487 million . 
Now , a new law in Texas seems to be providing the proof . 
The ANC leaders speak in tones of moderation , emphasizing discipline , hoping the government will be encouraged to take further steps , such as freeing Nelson Mandela , the most prominent ANC figure , and unbanning the organization . 
It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects ' minds , manners and morals , and argues , tacitly , that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in the defensive snobbery , willful blindness , role-playing and especially the locutions of its domestic servants . 
The United spokesman said none of its people were injured at the airport ; in fact , as the airport was being evacuated Tuesday night , two babies were born . 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. , the entity formed from the recent acquisition of Squibb Corp. by Bristol-Myers Co. , logged the largest volume decline , 7,592,988 shares , to 12,017,724 . 
National Environmental also said it will move its headquarters from Hingham to Folcroft , Pa. , the site of its sludge dewatering facility . 
It was as easy as collecting sea shells at Malibu . 
Norman J. Harrison , chairman , will succeed him as chief executive . 
He ca n't . 
Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive officer at Kidder Peabody , said in a recent interview , `` We do n't think that index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole . '' 
Indeed , the DLJ banker says , in the reborn capital structure cash coverage of interest `` will meaningfully improve . '' 
This is a problem not only for Prime Minister Thatcher but for President Bush , as shown in the ongoing bickering over the dollar between the Federal Reserve and the Mulford Treasury . 
Analysts say Quebecor 's purchase is part of a trend toward consolidation in the North American printing industry . 
At issue is an accord dating back to March in which Air France gained access to five domestic French routes under Air Inter 's flight numbers and the domestic airline got to fly to five cities outside of France under the flag of Air France . 
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti-drug programs . 
Twice in two weeks the unraveling of the on-again , off-again UAL buy-out slammed the stock market . 
Similarly , Honda Motor Co. 's sales are so brisk that workers grumble they have n't had a Saturday off in years , despite the government 's encouragement of more leisure activity . 
David Nash , formerly group finance director at Cadbury Schweppes PLC , will become Grand Met 's first group finance director in January . 
SCI TV 's debt restructuring plan would defer payment of $ 153 million of bank debt . 
The operator of cable-television networks said the new Turner Pictures unit will produce movies that will premiere on Turner Broadcasting 's Turner Network Television channel , or TNT , and then will be released internationally in movie theaters . 
But not Richard Cottrell , a San Francisco cab driver who bowls in two weekly leagues . 
Mr. Freind calculates that the provision , which attacks the trimester standards that Roe established , will `` make it necessary '' for the Supreme Court to review Roe and , perhaps , to overturn it . 
A `` senior Fed official '' spoke on Saturday after the market swoon to both the Washington Post and the New York Times , saying the Fed was prepared to provide as much credit as the markets needed . 
Hokkaido Takushoku Bank ( Japan ) -- 300 million Swiss francs of notes and bonds due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.375 % coupon at par via Swiss Bank Corp . 
Fees 1 1\/2 . 
The New York futures exchanges have been working together to develop a trade recording system much like the one called for in the bill . 
He succeeds Paul J. Montle , 42 , who will remain chairman . 
The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years or 24,000 miles ; the term for the 1988 323 is three years or 50,000 miles . 
Arthur Andersen , the accounting firm , has increased its energy staff 10 % in a year . 
Also , it has not yet been decided exactly how much of the mortgage AEW will be able to convert into equity . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index eased 0.13 to 470.67 . 
In a recent General Accounting Office study , the Merc was found to have been the most lax in enforcing exchange rules . 
Shareholders of Central , a bank holding company based in Sterling , Ill. , will receive Amcore stock equal to 10 times Central 's 1989 earnings , Amcore said . 
The company made and marketed the Dalkon Shield in the early 1970s amid mounting evidence that it could cause serious injuries . 
Friday 's auction will be limited to $ 150 million disbursed by the Central Bank to potential investors . 
Even before then , the trust may be eager to unload Manville stock . 
Mr. Kennedy suggested Democrats `` yielded a great deal '' on the size of the increase , but he cited concessions from the White House on the training wage , which he said make it `` less harsh . '' 
`` You do n't own anything , '' says Stephen Boesel , a money manager for T. Rowe Price in Baltimore . 
Bureaucrats may deserve their bad reputation , after all . 
And both the trust and Manville are seeking to avoid the bad publicity that , in the asbestos era , tarred the Manville name . 
The doctor was among dozens of people milling through East Berlin 's Gethsemane Church Saturday morning . 
In Congress , lawmakers already are looking for ways to add relief funds . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo . 
The Guber-Peters duo have 50 projects in various stages of development and production at Warner , including `` Bonfire of the Vanities '' and `` A Bright Shining Lie . '' 
In the secondary , or resale , market , junk bonds closed 1\/2 point higher , while investment-grade corporate bonds fell 1\/8 to 1\/4 point . 
Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of black smoke into the air . 
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , had only minor damage to headquarters and tracks , and expects to be fully operational tomorrow . 
Textron said that nine-months ' results do n't include earnings of Avdel PLC , a British maker of industrial fasteners , but do include interest costs of $ 16.4 million on borrowings related to the proposed purchase of Avdel . 
Separately , Gillette said its third-quarter earnings rose 2 % to $ 65.2 million , or 57 cents a share , from $ 63.9 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period ; per-share earnings remained flat despite an increase in net income in part because the company paid a $ 10.4 million dividend on the new preferred stock in the period . 
Now Movieline is located in the same building as Vesoft . 
The government has other agencies and instruments for pursuing these other objectives . 
Not only are there camera operators on all sides , but the proceedings are shown on monitors throughout the theater . 
In particular , a common law of white-collar crime has developed with surprising rapidity over the past decade . 
Tele-Communications , the U.S. 's largest cable company , said it may seek other cable partners to join in its investment . 
To help lay the groundwork for that fight , President Bush plans early next week to meet at the White House with some 20 Democratic senators who favor cutting the capital-gains tax or are undecided on the issue . 
Holiday said third-quarter earnings rose to $ 39.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , from $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The Federal Reserve Board said it is delaying approval of First Union Corp. 's proposed $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks of Florida Inc. , pending the outcome of an examination into First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods . 
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high-temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said . 
Government statistics in fact show that the profit rate -- net pretax profits divided by capital stock -- peaked in 1965 at 17.2 % . 
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general-practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women . 
Still , encrypting corporate communications is only a partial remedy . 
The market closed prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement . 
To keep him quiet we invent a new unified command every year or so run by the Army or the Air Force and put more of the Navy and Marines under it . 
Our heavy users consume two to three cans of soup a week , and we 'd like to increase that . '' 
Indeed , it looked more like a pawn , a `` tall pawn , '' as spectators snidely put it . 
`` Maybe I 'm a little stuffy , but I would n't sell them , '' sniffs Bob Machon , owner of Papa 's Sports Cards in Menlo Park , Calif . 
Until that happens , glasnost can not begin to deserve the kind of credibility Mr. Shevardnadze was bidding for with his confessions on Monday . 
`` How unprofessional we must have appeared to the outside world -- how incompetent at risk assessment and evaluation , '' he says . 
Aflatoxin is released by molds during grain and seed storage . 
Earlier , Mesa had rejected a general proposal from StatesWest to combine the two carriers in some way . 
Chairperson 
Pre-trial polling helps the consultants develop a profile of the right type of juror . 
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added . 
Analysts agree , predicting that the revived market could significantly boost Westinghouse 's bottom line in coming years . 
`` There was a roll of laughter through the stands , '' says Joe Sukle , the editor of the weekly Press and Journal in Middletown . 
It recently began a pilot program to test an electronic trading system called ATS\/2 , the automated trading system created by the International Commodities Clearing House . 
`` How do readers feel about the magazine ? 
Mitsubishi has a futuristic delivery truck called the Guppy . 
Next week , the country 's top designers and manufacturers will begin showing fashions for spring 1990 , the second most important selling season of the year . 
In asset terms , Mitsubishi Estate is the largest real estate firm in Japan . 
Periodically , there has even been talk of mergers between one or more exchanges . 
`` Now , Philip Morris { Kraft General Foods ' parent company } is committed to the coffee business and to increased advertising for Maxwell House , '' says Dick Mayer , president of the General Foods USA division . 
`` The suggestion itself may do the healing . '' 
Whatever one thinks of the idea , it 's far more than the budgetary gimmick it may seem at first glance . 
Despite that , when the Johns Hopkins scientists compared the gene they had found in the human cancer cells with the Mr. Levine 's p53 gene they found the two were identical ; it turned out that in Mr. Levine 's cancer studies , he had unknowingly been observing a damaged form of p53 -- a cancer-suppressing gene . 
`` But the marketplace changed . 
Still , no one expects IBM 's rivals to deliver a knockout . 
Some of those debtholders have filed a suit , saying they believed they were buying government-insured certificates of deposit . 
Steelmaking resumed Oct. 18 , but the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by traffic disruptions around the plant and outages for repair to gas and electric power systems . 
Per-share net rose to 20.48 yen from 19.51 yen . 
Mrs. Glaser , who is a co-founder of the Pediatric AIDS Foundation , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , condemned neither bureaucratic nor corporate foot-dragging . 
Here are a few of their answers : -- `` They say that I am a student-athlete , but really I 'm an athlete-student . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 57.125 a share , up $ 3.125 . 
`` We continue to develop products faster than anyone else can . '' 
The Dutch utility firm serves the Amsterdam and Utrecht areas . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , for example , managed $ 25 billion in stock investments tracking the S&P 500 at the end of June , according to Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
That selling of futures contracts by elevators is what helps keep downward pressure on crop prices during the harvest . 
Net was $ 3.1 million , or 16 cents a share , up from $ 1.6 million , or nine cents a share . 
Last year , Dentsu 's foreign business accounted for less than 10 % of total billings , but the company is aiming at 20 % in the near future . 
Never once did she gasp for air or mop her brow . 
`` The best result we could get from these numbers would be to see the administration and Congress get serious about putting the U.S. on an internationally competitive economic footing , '' said Howard Lewis , vice president of international economic affairs at the National Association of Manufacturers . 
Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives . 
Posix is one of three or four versions of UNIX , but it is increasingly required by the federal government as it tries to standardize its computer systems . 
In her first televised interview following Mr. Lawson 's resignation , Mrs. Thatcher reiterated her desire to keep sterling strong and warned again that full entry into the European Monetary System 's exchange rate mechanism would provide no easy solution to Britain 's economic troubles . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had n't affected its computers or the computers of other government agencies because they had modified their systems to reject worms . 
Mr. Greenspan said he and other Fed governors endorse a bill by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C. ) that would require the Fed to pursue policies aimed at eliminating inflation within five years . 
Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors but bolster burials and endowment fund contributions . 
Such schemes , says Tony Adamski , chief of the financial-crimes unit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington , D.C. , appeal to investors ' `` desire to believe this is really true and that they are part of a chosen group being given this opportunity . '' 
According to the Illinois attorney general 's suit , Watson & Hughey sent mailings indicating that recipients were guaranteed cash prizes , and could win up to an additional $ 1,000 on top of them , if they contributed as little as $ 7 . 
New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . 
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation . 
Its counterpart , the Nasdaq Financial Index , was weak for most of the day , sliding 2.51 to 453.57 by the end of trading . 
It 's a mystery how this could have escaped the notice of Nebraska coaches . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The linkup with Credit Agricole will give Nuovo Banco its first foreign presence since it was formed from the wreck of the old Banco Ambrosiano , which collapsed amid scandal after the death of Chairman Roberto Calvi in 1982 . 
Its previous proposal had conditioned rate limits on Seabrook operations and other contingencies . 
Moreover , the Bank follows a prudent provisioning policy and has set aside $ 800 million against possible loan losses . 
That is n't all . 
Last fall , Ford announced it would discontinue the XR4Ti in the U.S. at the end of the 1989 model year . 
Daimler-Benz dropped 12.5 to 710.5 , Bayerische Motoren Werke dropped 10.5 to 543.5 , and Volkswagen lost 7.1 . 
Sterling , which estimated the value of the contract at $ 150 million , said NASA selected another bidder for final negotiations . 
They would also identify the best way to add programs , should the budget come in at higher levels . 
Investors were concerned that they might be unable to exercise options that expire tomorrow . 
`` Substituting a rule of thumb for your own judgment '' can be a mistake , he says . 
`` It will take several meetings to resolve this , '' said a spokesman for the Machinists union . 
It also would defer interest and principal on junk bonds that have fallen due ; the grace period for paying the bill expires Nov. 16 . 
Because the U.S. is still perceived to be tied to Mr. Barre , when he goes the runway could go too . 
`` I 've heard that there is $ 40 billion taken in nationwide by boiler rooms every year , '' Mr. McClelland says . 
The yield on the Treasury 's 30-year issue fell slightly to 8.03 % . 
OPEC has repeatedly raised its self-imposed production ceiling to legitimize some of that unauthorized output . 
Taxes are not going out of business . '' 
If we want meaningful priorities , we must understand the trade-offs they imply before we make commitments . 
Mr. Steinhardt , who runs about $ 1.7 billion for Steinhardt Partners , made his name as a gunslinging trader , moving in and out of stocks with agility -- enriching himself and his investment clients . 
Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. said he may cut his earnings estimate for the current fiscal year because he had expected at least some mainframe profit this year . 
The decision to raise the ceiling on FHA home loans still faces strong opposition in the House . 
The Commerce Department estimates that Japanese government and industry spending on HDTV research is already over $ 1 billion . 
Revenue soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million . 
In a great restaurant , do n't deprive yourself . 
The settlement , which involves most of the 300 independent newspaper dealers in the New York area , will allow the Times to freely operate its own direct home delivery system . 
Pockets exploded with one-yen coins . 
Wall Street 
The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . 
To date , scientists have fingered two of these cancer-suppressors . 
The nation 's largest pension fund , which oversees $ 80 billion for college employees , plans to offer two new investment options to its 1.2 million participants . 
`` If you do n't need the money for 10 years , there 's a clear-cut case for sticking to a steady core of stocks , '' Mr. Gregory says . 
For the quarter , earnings were $ 47 million , or 92 cents a share , including a one-time gain of $ 5.9 million . 
ABM will also increase its stake in Sonora Gold Corp. to 42 % from 26 % . 
Net was $ 192.1 million , or $ 3.33 a share , compared with net of $ 293.7 million , or $ 5.13 a share , the year earlier . 
This is adapted from a speech to the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco . 
After enduring three days of heavy selling , the beleaguered Nasdaq over-the-counter market finally rebounded , rising sharply in hearty trading . 
`` Things are a little less overpriced '' after Friday 's jolt in the market . 
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the debt ratings of certain long-term debt held by this company . 
Some organizations have devised their own systems to sort through news wire items as they come in . 
Even Mao Tse-tung 's China began in 1949 with a partnership between the communists and a number of smaller , non-communist parties . 
Christopher Whittle , chairman of the Knoxville , Tenn. , media company that is 50 % owned by Time Warner Inc. , said that by December 1990 he expects to have Channel One installed in about 8,000 schools with a potential audience of six million . 
The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as `` Real Genius , '' in which physics whizzes pop corn with lasers ; and naturally , the `` Revenge of the Nerds , '' a tale of college males with runny noses and ill-fitting pants . 
China 's last big import binge sent reserves tumbling to $ 10.6 billion in June 1985 from $ 16.6 billion the previous September . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6030 , up from $ 1.5885 late Friday . 
She has lots of opinions . 
PRECIOUS METALS : 
The company previously said that the recent acquisition of Mobile Communications Corp. of America would dilute 1989 earnings by about 3 % . 
He said 1989 's net income could be 11 % to 13 % of revenue , which , assuming current expectations , would be 40 % to 45 % below 1988 's level . 
Having been through several tornadoes and hurricanes , I have a different perspective . 
The amount is equal to about 30 years earnings for the average peasant , who makes $ 145 a year ... . 
The media concern said net income rose to $ 37.8 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Decisions on increases in the IMF 's capital base traditionally are made by the administration , with subsequent authorization by Congress . 
Arthur Fleischer Jr. , a takeover lawyer at Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson , notes that `` a political and emotional bias '' has developed against junk bonds . 
The company also makes optical character recognition equipment . 
It 's 1956 , the year the Suez crisis marked the final end of Empire . 
The initial fireball was caught by cameras in downtown Houston , about 10 miles away . 
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said . 
A test using new `` genetic probes '' showed that little Will Quinlan had not inherited a damaged retinoblastoma supressor gene and , therefore , faced no more risk than other children of developing the rare cancer . 
But although Thurber did so gently and lightheartedly , many of Dr. Morgan 's supporters have taken Thurber 's memorable title `` The Male Animal '' quite literally . 
Banks may contribute more senior debt . 
Since joining the Politburo in 1983 as its youngest member , Mr. Krenz had acquired the nickname `` crown prince , '' a reference to the widely held view that he was the hand-picked successor to Mr. Honecker . 
( In Virginia , Marshall Coleman and his running mate , Eddy Dalton , are both on the defensive for opposing abortions even in cases of rape or incest . ) 
Accrued interest on the refund was about $ 18 million as of Oct. 25 . 
The earnings also mark a significant drop from the second quarter 's $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share . 
Mr. Utsumi also said some Japanese banks were willing to participate in the UAL financing up to the very end , which would suggest at the very least that they were n't under orders to back out . 
Wilbur Ross , financial adviser to the equity holders said , `` Given the state 's strong bargaining position ... we believe the NU plan provides the best recovery available '' to PS of New Hampshire 's equity holders . 
And the respondents ' commitment to the stock market remains somewhat lighter than usual . 
Robert Stein , president and chief executive officer , attributed the expected decline partly to the effects of a two-week strike last month at the company 's Masillon , Ohio , bakeware facility . 
The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production . 
Today , so-called mountain bikes account for two-thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. . 
Supply troubles were also on the minds of Treasury investors yesterday , who worried about the flood of new government securities coming next week . 
`` If he does to the domestic operations what he did internationally , '' says Mr. Zurkuhlen , `` this company will earn $ 6 or $ 7 a share in a few years . 
`` They still bear the memory of October 1987 , when they bought gold after the stock market crashed and ended up losing money because gold prices subsequently fell , '' Mr. Nichols said . 
Southeast Asian crude imports , however , were 3.6 % higher than August . 
He attributed that to the issue 's aggressive pricing and large size , as well as the general lethargy in the municipal marketplace . 
The New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group earlier this year began offering advertisers extensive merchandising services built around buying ad pages in its Golf Digest magazine . 
But it was the underlying situation that became intolerable . 
Like so many trends in the entertainment industry , the current spate of rape dramas on television seems to represent a confluence of high-mindedness and self-interest . 
Those changes in its condition meant the reorganization plan previously presented to creditors would have to be revamped . 
`` I guess I thought , ` This is the World Series and I 'm not gon na wimp out ! ' '' 
Overall , Honeywell reported earnings of $ 74.4 million , or $ 1.73 a share , for the three months ended Oct. 1 compared with a loss of $ 41.4 million , or 98 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The TVA , in fact , decided to proceed with the bond offering following an agreement last week with the Financing Bank , which allows TVA to keep borrowing short term from the bank for two years after it goes to the public market . 
Limited volume ahead of the September trade data showed the market is nervous , but dealers added that the day 's modest gains also signaled some support for London equities . 
Asked the same question after his appearance , Democrat Florio identifies a staff member by name and explains her whereabouts today . 
Yesterday 's edition incorrectly reported Monday 's trading volume as a record for the S&P 500 contract . 
The 30-year issue was priced at a spread of 105 basis points above the Treasury 's 30-year bellwether bond . 
It may be straightforward -- he wants money for food -- or incredibly convoluted ; his sister is at this very moment near death in Hoboken , he has lost his wallet and has only $ 1.22 in change to put toward a bus ticket costing $ 3.83 , and wo n't you give him the difference ? 
The consensus view on September leading indicators calls for a gain of 0.3 % , the same as in August . 
Rate settlements in Minnesota and Colorado depressed U S West 's third-quarter profit . 
Dr. Fung said that FK-506 would not be available in the market for at least a year , and that the FDA approval process usually takes three years to five years . 
John S. Reidy , an analyst for Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , said , `` The Times faces the same problem of other publishers : linage is down . 
`` I do n't think you 'll find I 'm making a radical change in my traditional investment style , '' Mr. Steinhardt says . 
Most insurers already have mobilized their `` catastrophe '' teams to begin processing claims from their policyholders in northern California . 
He sipped tea sweetened with honey from his high-backed leather chair at his bench , while scribbling notes ordering spectators to stop whispering or to take off their hats in his courtroom . 
But it has been an open question whether Mr. Sikes , an extraordinarily cautious man , would continue pushing deregulation at the FCC in the face of what is likely to be great political pressure . 
We 'll coordinate on this end to places like Bangkok , Singapore and Manila . '' 
Mr. Lang has named Carol Taber , 43 , as group publisher of New York-based Lang Communications . 
Kikkoman was up 30 to 1,600 , receiving investor interest for its land property holdings near Tokyo , a trader said . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . 
It also operates Waldenbooks , Pay Less Drug Stores and Builders Square home improvement stores . 
After the 1987 crash , and as a result of the recommendations of many studies , `` circuit breakers '' were devised to allow market participants to regroup and restore orderly market conditions . 
Demand has been growing consistently under the encouragement of pro-consumption government policies , an association spokesman said . 
The efforts to get to the people who are addicted , try to rehabilitate them ; if they can not be rehabilitated , at least to contain them ; to educate people , to strongly discourage use of drugs by people who are casual users and first users , to stop this process among the young -- all of these things I think are extremely important . 
In fact , the earnings report unfolded as representatives of the world 's No. 1 jet maker and the striking Machinists union came back to the negotiating table for their first meeting in two weeks . 
`` It 's very difficult to do , '' says Donald Holt , a market strategist for Wedbush Morgan Securities , a Los Angeles brokerage firm . 
This summer , speeding bikers were blamed for an accident in the Napa County park , in which a horse -- spooked on a trail that was closed to bikers -- broke its leg . 
Risk is also a function of time . 
Procter & Gamble Co. , helped by a gain from a lawsuit settlement and continued growth overseas , posted a 38 % rise in fiscal first-quarter net income . 
Morgenzon has long been a special domain of Afrikanerdom . 
Microsoft officials said the strong results also reflected continuing high demand for its software applications and operating systems . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Part of the reason for the heavy activity in derivative markets is that underwriters are repackaging mortgage securities being sold by thrifts . 
The producers include Shell Canada Ltd. , a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group ; Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. , which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp. ; and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd . 
`` We could have called ourselves the Academic Intellectual Society , but then everyone would have said , ` Oh , you mean the nerd-and-geek club , ' '' Leonid Fridman , SONG 's graduate-student adviser , told 19 attendees at the club 's inaugural meeting earlier this month . 
Amid heavy buying of shares in Belgium 's largest insurer , Maurice Lippens also warned in an interview that a white knight , in buying out a raider , could leave speculators with big losses on their AG stock . 
Last week , McCaw said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its bid to control LIN Broadcasting . 
Mr. Boren even spies a silver lining . 
No charges were brought against her . 
That award ended a dispute between Dean Witter and Mr. Bachman over who was responsible for certain bond-trading losses around the time of the 1987 stock-market crash . 
The mint purchases were at premiums about 4 1\/2 cents a pound above the respective prices for the copper . 
Mr. Bush had been holding out for a bill boosting the wage floor to $ 4.25 an hour by the end of 1991 , coupled with a six-month training wage for workers newly hired by any employer . 
Not all of the cemetery 's better-known tenants lend themselves to the promotional job at hand , however . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
`` The level of stress for a woman is often so high , it 's the husband who says , ` I 'm worried about her , ' '' says psychologist Marjorie Hansen Shaevitz . 
In the early 1970s , when the `` world food crisis '' was a major worry , Phillips Petroleum Co. , like several other big companies , began developing `` single-cell protein , '' edible protein made by microbes feeding on non-edible materials . 
Through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier . 
His bride is the rich and beautiful Linda Loring , a character who also appeared in Chandler 's `` The Long Goodbye '' and `` Playback . '' 
Forest-products issues showing strength included Champion International , which went up 1 3\/8 to 31 7\/8 ; Weyerhaeuser , up 3\/4 to 27 1\/4 ; Louisiana-Pacific , up 1 1\/8 to 40 3\/8 , and Boise Cascade , up 5\/8 to 42 . 
Jute , rather than a synthetic material , lies under the tacked-down carpets , and the desks are of wood and granite instead of plastic . 
In March , the group disclosed it held a 7.2 % stake in Anacomp for investment purposes . 
International sales accounted for 47 % of total company sales for the nine months , compared with 50 % a year earlier . 
-- `` Community involvement '' is an even worse idea . 
For the year , it had a net loss of $ 62 million , or $ 15.97 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million . 
Susumu Ohara , president of Nihon Keizai Shinbun America Inc. , publisher of the Japan Economic Journal , said he receives telephone calls weekly from media bankers on whether his parent company is interested in buying a U.S. consumer or business magazine . 
For the nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 465 million , or $ 4.32 a share . 
Saying that a surge in low-priced imports had damaged EC producers ' profits and led to job losses , the commission imposed a duty of 10.2 % on TVs made by Daewoo , a duty of 12.3 % on Goldstar Co. , 13 % on Samsung and 19.6 % on TVs made by other South Korean producers . 
So far , New York , New Jersey , Nebraska , Georgia , Michigan and Minnesota have outlawed Mr. Maynard 's device , citing health concerns . 
To reduce the risks while still retaining the legitimate benefits these programs can provide , credit policy must : 1 . Use credit to improve the operation of capital markets , not to provide subsidies . 
Hence copious amounts of gratuitous sex , violence and gutter language are included as a crutch . 
The common proposals for reforming the Fed would only make the situation worse , if they had any effect at all . 
But for Soviet citizens who travel abroad for business or tourism , the rate will jump to 6.26 rubles to the dollar . 
Through the first six months of 1989 , sales had grown about 12 % from the year-earlier period . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
IRS Notice 89-136 describes this and other deadline relief for Hugo 's victims . 
The council unanimously opposed the idea of AGIP pumping out the methane gas and swiftly appealed to the company and to Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti , who has yet to reply . 
So he 's using `` river '' in many project names . 
Polly Peck 's chairman , Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which was announced Friday . 
`` It 's much bigger than we expected , '' said one German banker , who asked not to be named . 
Codifying those sanctions could prompt Chinese retaliation . 
The post of chief executive has been vacant since July when Terry Pryce , 55 , left the company . 
`` If the market refocuses on earnings , we should get better valuations of growth stocks , '' says L. Keith Mullins , a growth-stock analyst at Morgan Stanley . 
Of heart-pounding moments there were nearly none , and whether this has to do with Mr. Kleiber or the wooden cast is hard to say . 
Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . '' 
What managers really fear is that the pro-union movement could spread beyond the pilots . 
Goliaths like Unilever and P&G have enormous financial advantages over smaller rivals . 
When his secretary is found floating dead in the pol 's pool , Mancuso is called in to investigate . 
The views expressed do not reflect the official policy of the Department of Defense . 
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Asarco fell $ 1.375 to close at $ 31.75 . 
A rule forbidding staffers to own competitors ' cars has been lifted , and now many designers drive foreign cars to get useful ideas . 
The size of the issue was decreased from an originally planned $ 95.2 million . 
`` We know that Saab is looking for a partner for industrial and financial cooperation , '' Fiat said . 
A Taxpayers Union study concluded the bill would save taxpayers up to $ 9.3 billion in barrier-island subsidies over 20 years . 
`` It 's not a crop that ca n't be doubled or tripled , '' says Mr. Krishnamurthy . 
It has purchased about 19 million of them . 
This past summer , investors ' appetite for municipal bonds seemed insatiable . 
As interest rates paid depositors were lowered , thrift withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 5.1 billion , not including interest credited to accounts . 
By moving the settlement date ahead , the Treasury can raise money under the $ 2.87 trillion debt ceiling that is in effect through tomorrow , after which it reverts to $ 2.8 trillion . 
To mollify shareholders concerned about the long-term value of the company under the BellSouth-LIN agreement , BellSouth also agreed to pay as much as $ 10 a share , or $ 540 million , if , after five years , the trading value of the new cellular company is n't as high as the value that shareholders would have realized from the McCaw offer . 
Manufacturers ' stocks fattened at an $ 18.4 billion annual rate , up from $ 8.3 billion . 
Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . 
SHORT-TERM MUNICIPALS : 
Gasoline for November delivery was off 1.26 cents a gallon to 54.58 cents . 
The majority cited Mr. Masson 's remark `` It 's me alone ... against the rest of the analytic world '' as warrant for the Malcolm fabrication . 
But in these crunch times for the ski industry , some resorts , such as the Angel Fire , Red River and Taos ski areas in New Mexico , have even started shuttle-busing skiers to each other 's slopes and next year plan to sell tickets good for all local lifts . 
The market makers so far are CS First Boston Group 's First Boston Corp. unit , Morgan Stanley & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and Salomon Inc. 's Salomon Brothers Inc. unit . 
Compounding the trouble to Japanese investors , mortgage securities pay interest monthly , since most mortgages require homeowners to make monthly payments . 
DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . 
Among other things , the bill calls for a reorganization of the Justice Department . 
Mr. Valentine , who pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud in federal court in Los Angeles , drove a leased Mercedes and lived in an expensive home on Lido Isle , an island in Newport 's harbor , according to investigators . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
In particular , they criticize the timing , coming as it does on the heels of Sony Corp. 's controversial purchase of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc . 
Leading EC growth forecasts in 1989 was Ireland , seen growing 5 % at constant prices . 
Lloyd 's says the departures of names is n't likely to hurt its underwriting capacity , currently about # 11 billion . 
In the previous three general elections , similar national issues clinched the vote . 
He acknowledged , however , that Washington 's `` drug-related murder rate is intolerably high . 
But the scope of Seagram 's Chivas promotion sets it apart . 
`` This is a rare case of a company with a big majority holder which will probably act in the interests of the minority holders , '' one investor says . 
A bill giving the Transportation Department the power to block airline leveraged buy-outs cleared a House panel . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers . 
In any matters between us and the Cubans there can be no simplicity , consequently I 've become familiar not only with Cuban art and artists , but also with Cuban bureaucrats and their counterparts in our own government . 
Skopbank ( Finland ) -- 10 billion yen of 5 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 20 , 1992 , priced at 101 3\/8 to yield 5 3\/4 % less full fees , via IBJ International . 
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said . 
`` It 's getting harder to sell , '' he mutters as he leaves the room . 
It has three U.S. branches . 
It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total . 
Bankers Trust uses Digital 's VAX to run its huge money-transfer and capital markets accounts , juggling hundreds of billions of dollars each day , he says . 
The Glazer group said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing in early October that it may seek a controlling interest in Harley-Davidson , or seek representation on the company 's board . 
At the last minute , however , Pakistani officials sent in Gulbuddin Hekhmatyar , perhaps the most hated and feared of the extremists , with a demand that the surrender be made to his forces . 
Sanford Kane , president , said the finalists were chosen from among 57 locations based on financial , business , and quality of life considerations . 
Says a European strategist : `` The U.S. tends to look at Eastern Europe { not including the Soviet Union } as Europe looks at Latin America : important but far away . 
Veiling his message has helped him endure . 
Ms. Johnson tells them that , if the appliances ca n't be salvaged , their policy covers the replacement cost . 
His ability to match any bid has scared off many potential buyers . 
Under terms of the pact , Ultimate , a computer-systems concern , will market the full line of HP 9000 series 800 multipleuser minicomputers . 
The Big Board `` is partly to blame { for the price swings } , because they 're cowards , '' said Mr. Wohlstetter . 
To help residents in Northern California rebuild , FEMA intends to set up 17 disaster assistance offices in the earthquake area in the next several days and to staff them with 400 to 500 workers from various agencies , said Robert Volland , chief of the agency 's individual assistance division . 
During the 1984 Summer Games , for example , ABC touted `` Call to Glory , '' but the military drama was missing in action within weeks . 
Sales rose 2 % to $ 437.5 million from $ 430.3 million . 
Takashimaya Co. , Japan 's oldest department store , is another name that keeps popping up as a potential fit with Saks . 
Tom Herman contributed to this article . 
And another wave of bad loans would further batter many already-shaky lending institutions . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on long-term debt of CS First Boston Inc. , the holding company of Wall Street giant First Boston Corp. , because of First Boston 's `` aggressive merchant banking risk '' in highly leveraged takeovers . 
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . '' 
Ikegai-Goss , which has about 200 employees , is among the industry leaders in keyless inking technology , which reduces time and materials waste when preparing a press for printing . 
Mr. Skase , a 41-year-old former newspaper reporter who chairs the company , said in a statement that Qintex will sell its 51 % stake in its upscale Mirage resorts in Australia and Hawaii as well as three Australian television stations . 
Some of that money will be available for highway repair and special emergency aid , but members of the legislature are also mulling over a temporary state gasoline tax to raise money for earthquake relief . 
Mr. Jones is currently trying to jack up the price for those local rights . 
Its roots are patriotic -- with the first trees appearing in 1872 in an orchard near Peru , Iowa , to be exact . 
A couple we 'll call the Blandings spent nearly $ 800,000 on a 15-acre plot and main home and have an old $ 175,000 mortgage exempt from the new limit on mortgage-interest deductions . 
Other details were n't available . 
The company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines and other products . 
However , more money managers are reassured that profit is regaining importance . 
`` Until now , we were trying to increase productivity with the facilities we already had . 
Renaissance , a Cincinnati-based money manager , began buying stocks again this week with half of the $ 1.8 billion that it oversees for clients , according to people familiar with the firm 's revised strategy . 
It 's estimated that one in six couples experiences infertility , and in 1987 , Americans spent about $ 1 billion to fight the problem . 
`` For the last two and a half years , retailing has been in a mild recession , '' says Carl Steidtmann , chief economist at the Columbus , Ohio , consulting firm . 
Its 1.7 million-share offering was priced at 15 . 
`` We think we 're getting only 10 % of the integration dollars our customers are spending , '' he said . 
Westinghouse Electric Corp. also won a $ 75.5 million Navy contract for nuclear propulsion parts . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : 
On the edge of fashionable Georgetown , in a chic office with a river view and a number of corporate clients whom he wo n't name , Mr. Deaver is trying to reclaim his reputation as one of the savviest image makers in town . 
The world might want to believe that the Khmer Rouge ca n't still be such bad guys , just as in the late 1970s it was reluctant to credit the reports of genocide then taking place . 
That nets out to about $ 17 a share for the company on a private market basis . 
An arbitrator awarded Eastern Airlines pilots between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy-law reorganization . 
`` We accommodate their choice of names by allowing them to demonstrate '' family affiliation with legal documents , says Jim O'Donnell , a senior vice president . 
As a result of last year 's decline , the government 's estimate for the number of people living below the poverty line declined by about 500,000 . 
`` What a bunch of nonsense , '' says Jessica Crosby , president of the New York chapter of the National Association of Women Business Owners . 
The cheapest , among 100 cities surveyed , was $ 5.11 in El Paso , Texas . 
Other major players in intimate apparel apparently feel the same way . 
President North American Physicians Insurance Risk Retention Group 
The first part , consisting of $ 2 billion of bonds due Oct. 1 , 2019 , with a five-year non-call provision , was priced as 8 3\/4 % securities at 96.808 to yield 9.06 % . 
Milt Ahlerich Assistant Director Office of Public Affairs Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Four Bear Stearns executives besides the 62-year-old Mr. Greenberg were paid $ 3 million or more before dividends for the 14 months ended in June . 
But according to some Big Board traders , an organized campaign from exchange-listed companies might make the exchange finally consider big changes . 
One option the board is likely to consider today is some sort of cooling-off period . 
The dollar was barely changed against the West German mark and up marginally against the Japanese yen . 
In 1987 he became deputy chief of the civil division . 
Not to mention a generous federal pension . 
The two shared results from this route swap , and followed rules on ticket pricing . 
A run-up in world oil prices last winter sent consumer prices soaring at a 6.7 % annual rate in the first five months of this year , but the subsequent decline in energy prices has pulled the annual rate back down to 4.4 % . 
Alarmed councilors say the project could jeopardize costly efforts to stop , or slow down , the subsidence that makes Venice subject to regular and destructive flooding . 
The government is actually protecting avaricious ice-baggers and other profiteers who can not see beyond their own short-term gain . 
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs . 
Judge Weinstein also ruled that judges must consider prior to extradition whether the defendant will be treated fairly in a foreign court . 
Each of the 1,075,000 warrants entitle the holders to purchase one share of Apogee common stock for $ 2.25 . 
Sale of Saatchi Unit Close 
Mr. Seidman said yesterday , for example , that Sen. Dennis DeConcini ( D. , Ariz. ) , who received $ 48,100 in contributions from Mr. Keating , phoned Mr. Seidman to request that he push for a sale of Lincoln before it would be seized . 
Polls bear out this warning , but after a decade of increased Republican influence here , the new politics of abortion have contributed to a world turned upside down for Mr. Courter . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set March 9 , 1989 . 
In September , Ashland settled the long-simmering dispute by agreeing to pay Iran $ 325 million . 
At the end of this period , the poison pill would be eliminated automatically , unless a new poison pill were approved by the then-current shareholders , who would have an opportunity to evaluate the corporation 's strategy and management team at that time . 
Acquired from Carisbrook Holdings U.K. Ltd. , a company owned by Australian financier Robert Holmes a Court , the stake was apparently the first of its kind for Aska , an entity separate from Aichi . 
As part of the agreement , Goodson also terminated the contract under which Ingersoll manages Goodson 's 66 newspapers , ending a long association between the two companies that has turned increasingly bitter recently . 
`` We 've finally been able to convince them that Casey and { Oliver } North do n't work here anymore , '' says one administration official . 
`` We like to follow up and make sure operators are achieving our standards of company service , '' says Ms. Dale , who supervises 350 operators . 
`` We 're being paid today , but we 're worried about tomorrow and will want '' letters of credit , says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified . 
`` That 's beginning to change . 
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons . 
Istat said a national survey during the first week of July showed the number of job seekers was 2,888,000 up from 2,822,000 in April , and from 2,853,000 a year ago . 
If China were still on good terms with foreign lenders , it might be able to stem the drain on its foreign-exchange reserves by using some loan funds to offset the current-account deficit . 
Having only a Republican measure makes the task harder . 
But skeptics question whether asset-backed bonds offer sufficient rewards to compensate for the extra risks . 
Pulp , processed and miscellaneous paper sales also surged . 
Dream on . 
`` They 're deliberately trying to steal our thunder , '' a Digital executive complains . 
Earlier this month , Security Pacific , which is among the 10 largest bank holding companies in the U.S. , completed the acquisition of San Diego-based Southwest Bancorp . 
While renewing military aid had been considered out of the question , rejected by Congress and de-emphasized by the Bush administration , Mr. Ortega 's statement provides Contra supporters with the opportunity to press the administration on the issue . 
Moreover , BankAmerica continued to build its reserve against troubled foreign loans by boosting its loan-loss provision to $ 170 million , about the same as the previous quarter but well above the $ 100 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Traders said the market was exceptionally thin , as small investors remain on the sidelines . 
Bradford Crowe , director of the mayor 's City Economic Development Office , says : `` There is no question that Vermont-Slauson had a halo effect on the surrounding neighborhood . 
The stock had been on the decline since the financing for the UAL buy-out fell through on Friday and developer Donald Trump subsequently withdrew a takeover offer of $ 120 a share for AMR . 
`` The aftershocks of Oct. 13 ( when the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 190 points ) are still reverberating . '' 
Meritor Savings again had the dubious honor of being the OTC stock with the biggest short interest position on Nasdaq . 
The market during the start-up is estimated at 25,000 subscribers . 
The stake was acquired by a group of 10 Japanese financial institutions and industrial corporations , primarily insurance companies , Honeywell said . 
He said that in this case he concurred with the State Department 's decision that Mr. Ahmad should be extradited . 
The management turnover at Reebok International Ltd. continued with the resignation of company president C. Joseph LaBonte , who joined Reebok just two years ago . 
But that could change if demand for OPEC 's oil softens seasonally early next year as some think may happen . 
In the final trading , the House was insistent on setting aside $ 500 million to carry out base closings ordered to begin in fiscal 1990 . 
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % . 
`` It was extraordinarily satisfying , '' says Dr. Knudson , now at Fox Chase Cancer Research Center in Philadelphia . 
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill . 
British Satellite faces competition from Sky Television , a satellite-TV venture begun last February and owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
The Western government report suggests a number of scenarios for China 's current-account balance , two of which are considered most likely . 
`` It makes people think , maybe this guy is n't so squeaky clean after all , '' says Mr. Garth , Mayor Koch 's media consultant . 
Nobody has any credible estimate . 
After the sixth congress , journalists seized the opportunity provided by the liberalization to probe previously taboo subjects . 
NASA wo n't attempt a rescue ; instead , it will try to predict whether any of the rubble will smash to the ground and where . 
Ex-Im Bank officials said this review process currently is under way . 
The Ochoa trial in July , with its revelations of deeply rooted and widespread corruption , and the summary trial and execution , was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba . 
The coating segment also posted higher sales particularly in North America and Europe . 
So how did a good senator like this end up approving a policy that required the U.S. to warn Mr. Noriega of any coup plot against him ? 
Operating profit from carbon products , such as graphite electrodes , also declined , to $ 6 million from $ 20 million . 
But some holders of the Western Union notes expect the company to propose a more-attractive debt swap that will give them a substantial equity stake in the company . 
Its interest expense surged to $ 21.5 million from $ 12.4 million . 
But by that time , many big institutions had switched business to London . 
The state could also increase gasoline taxes ; every one penny increase in the tax would yield $ 11 million a month . 
`` Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous '' may be visiting some new venues in the near future . 
These decisions deserve more attention than they have received from scholars , and from journalists as well . 
Rents have soared along with house prices . 
Its effectiveness ca n't be determined until a large clinical trial is undertaken by the Army in January , according to Robert Redfield , chief of acquired immune deficiency syndrome research at Walter Reed Army Institute of Research . 
April 22 , 1988 : 
He dies . 
China will spend $ 9.45 million for urgent maintenance on Tibet 's Potala Palace , former home of the Dalai Lama , the China News Service said . 
And by then , expensive automobile sound systems were keeping the gridlocked parking lot by the bay informed about the fire causing the big black plume of smoke we saw on the northern horizon . 
Ms. Bartlett blithely suggested calling upon `` semi-skilled garden club workers for maintenance . '' 
My kids ' college education looms as perhaps the greatest future opportunity for spending , although I 'll probably have to cash in their toy portfolio to take advantage of it . 
The title of chief executive officer is n't used . 
Investors interpreted the KKR move as a desire by the firm to wash its hands of SCI TV . 
Earlier this month , Staples Inc. , a Newton , Mass. , office-supplies discounter , said it would accelerate expansion plans nationwide and offer more of its stock to the public . 
His theoretical approach and its publication in this venerable paper are no doubt a noteworthy accomplishment for him . 
The grand jury has also been investigating whether Gulf Power executives violated the federal Utility Holding Company Act , which prohibits certain utilities from making political contributions . 
`` We think Gen-Probe has technology important to people 's health , '' he said , adding : `` We think it is important for us to have such technology . '' 
Fullerton , Calif . 
The Diet plays a minor role compared with the powerful bureaucratic system . 
Analysts had mixed responses to the results . 
I have thus committed sufficient personal outlay to ensure that my grounds and lodgings will never be short of greens and flowers . 
( Turner Broadcasting will pay CBS $ 25 million to air 50 hours of CBS coverage plus 50 hours of additional events . ) 
The expansion , which could cost as much as US$ 5.7 billion over the next eight years , will expand the fleet to about 43 planes by 1991 , up from 30 at the end of last year , according to Sun Hung Kai Securities Ltd . 
It charged off an estimated $ 200 million of Arizona loans , leaving the unit with a reserve for future losses of $ 255 million , about 61 % of its $ 416 million of troubled loans and repossessed real estate . 
Mr. Roman , 59 years old , abruptly announced he will leave the venerable ad agency , whose largest client is American Express , to become American Express 's executive vice president for corporate affairs and communications . 
`` It 's not uncommon for these guys to send pictures of themselves or their families to ingratiate themselves to their clients , '' says Terree Bowers , chief of the major-frauds section of the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles . 
Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it . 
The implications for Britain , France and the rest of Europe of having their currencies tied to the economic policy of a neutral country need considering before we judge Mr. Lawson 's resignation to be unfortunate . 
Credit Suisse Finance Gibraltar Ltd . ( Swiss parent ) -- 100 billion lire of 12 5\/8 % bonds due June 30 , 1993 , priced at 101.45 to yield 12.75 % less full fees , via Banca Nazionale del Lavaro . 
Revenue climbed 4.3 % to $ 14.31 billion from $ 13.71 billion . 
The parties in the Connecticut case have agreed to stay proceedings pending the appeal of another EEOC age-bias case against Vermont . 
Some highly publicized cases involving RICO TROs have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process . 
Since the preferred stock is cumulative , Amdura said it will pay all omitted dividends , which range from $ 1.19 to $ 4.88 a share , when debt-reduction requirements have been met . 
IBM , which Gartner Group said generates 22 % of its revenue in this market , should be able to take advantage of its loyal following among buyers of equipment . 
Where 's this huge amount of investment capital coming from ? 
The energy , natural resources and railroad concern had net of $ 137.4 million , or $ 1.35 a share , down from $ 165 million , or $ 1.44 a share , a year earlier . 
Joseph Jr. runs Coors Ceramics Co. , the other operating unit , which had about $ 150 million in 1988 sales . 
This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud or misrepresentation , and such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently . 
Arbitragers were n't the only big losers in the collapse of UAL Corp. stock . 
This would force out of business many of the individuals and small firms that function as floor brokers . 
As Mr. Noriega 's political troubles grew , so did his offers of assistance to the Contras , an apparent attempt to curry more favor in Washington . 
And Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. scrambled to restructure and improve the potential returns on a $ 475 million debenture offering by Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. that was still being negotiated late last night . 
He said the fourth quarter will be `` challenging , '' and maintained his conservative forecast that 1990 `` wo n't be a barn burner . '' 
We would even save on freight . '' 
Every Order , Resolution , or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of Adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the Same shall take Effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill . 
Both the pilots and machinists have made it clear that they intend to block any transaction they do n't like . 
The stock had hit a high of $ 81 a share early last week but collapsed to $ 73.50 in the Friday stock plunge . 
`` Most people do just the opposite : They sell their winners and keep their losers . '' 
Among bigger stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index rose 1 % , or 4.56 , to 453.05 , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.2 % . 
Mr. Wolf and other members of the board declined to comment on the announcement . 
Last month , Whittle announced it had sold $ 150 million in advertising time on the network to national advertisers . 
As a former White House aide who worked closely with Congress , he is savvy in the ways of Washington . 
Many companies are hesitating . 
The offer , which did n't include the Merksamer chain , is being reviewed by Mr. Sigoloff . 
Lung-cancer mortality rates increase with age and are continuing to rise for all age groups over 55 , with sharp increases for everybody but white men . 
The previous period 's results included a $ 108 million pretax charge related to unrecoverable contract costs and a $ 12.3 million pretax gain on real estate sales . 
An accelerating move by personal computer manufacturers ' to include advanced graphics capabilities as standard equipment further dampened reseller purchases of Western Digital 's equipment . 
-- Taxes of between 15 % and 50 % a year on `` excessive '' profits from the resale of property , or the sale of idle land to the government . 
`` Prices for retail chains are lower today than they were last week , which will help management , '' said Gilbert Harrison , chairman of Financo Inc. , an investment-banking firm specializing in retailing acquisitions . 
Vanguard Group said it had a more than $ 50 million net inflow into its stock funds last week . 
Conference committees are breeding grounds for mischief . 
Unconstitutional bills make good legal targets , but the line-item veto is better understood as a political opportunity than as mere fodder for lawyers . 
But MCI , of Washington , was displeased with the FCC decision concerning Tariff 12 , arguing that `` AT&T can not be allowed to flaunt FCC rules . '' 
Analysts said some investors were disappointed that the cash-rich company had failed to announce a special dividend . 
In U.N. General Assembly votes last year , Canada voted the same as the U.S. only 63 % of the time . 
Curtin Windsor , then the ambassador to Costa Rica , recalls being invited to Panama by Mr. Noriega 's brother Luis Carlos for a weekend of deep sea fishing and `` quiet , serious conversation '' on the Aswara Peninsula . 
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino-U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 . 
Here are some ideas : 
Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market . 
The Franklin Lakes , N.J. , company is expected to report sales growth of only 5 % to 6 % , but should still maintain earnings growth of 10 % , says Jerry E. Fuller , an analyst with Duff & Phelps Inc . 
The Merc alleged that , among other things , from April 1987 through October 1988 Capcom Futures failed to document trades between Capcom Futures and people or entities directly or indirectly controlled by Capcom Futures shareholders . 
The PACs appeal to insurance companies and other investors because they have higher yields than topgrade corporate bonds and carry the guarantee of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , quasi-federal agencies . 
But Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa said the offer was for $ 7 in cash and unspecified StatesWest securities valued at $ 3 a share . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note convertible Dec. 4 , 1989 , through March 17 , 1994 , at a 5 % premium over closing share price Nov. 1 , when terms are fixed . 
In Washington and on Wall Street . 
In contrast to previous estimates reckoning the default rate on junk bonds at 2 % or 3 % , a Harvard study published in April of this year ( and discussed in a lead story in The Wall Street Journal for Sept. 18 ) found the default rate on these junk bonds is 34 % . 
His credibility is also on the line in the investment community . 
The volume is well below the industry 's 4 % to 5 % growth rate of recent years , but in line with other soft-drink companies for the third quarter . 
Many analysts said they were n't surprised that problems in many of Ryder 's lines of business continued to plague the company . 
Furukawa said the U.S. market is strengthening as related computer technology gains in sophistication and quality . 
Media General said it has had inquiries from potential buyers and expects to complete a sale in 1989 . 
`` I 'm done in two minutes . '' 
The Atlanta-based chemical manufacturer said lower prices hurt margins for most products . 
Another said that if China was a buyer , it would be the earliest that country had made purchases since the 1979-80 crop year , and thus would be a bullish sign . 
So far this year , it has put nearly $ 700 million into bottling operations in Australia , New Zealand and France . 
But it hints strongly that both organizations would increasingly lose their clout as the changes , particularly the introduction of wholesale trade and the breakup of state monopolies , take effect . 
He came to produce her records and her movies -- `` A Star Is Born '' and `` The Main Event . '' 
A huge silver stockpile at exchanges , refiners , consuming industries and government warehouses of at least 617 million ounces is the market depressant , says Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in a report . 
Both men are 44 years old . 
Court in Brief 
Still , Kroger Co. , Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , CSX Corp. , Illinois Power Co. , Media General Inc. , Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp. and Gulf States Utilities Co. , did n't pay any federal income tax last year although they garnered a total of $ 1.2 billion in profits , the group said . 
About two-thirds of the Well 's 3,000 subscribers live in the Bay Area . 
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 8-11 p.m. EST , on ABC : `` The Final Days . '' 
The biggest percentage gainer on the Amex was Enviropact , which jumped 23 % , or 5\/8 , to 3 3\/8 on volume of 29,000 shares . 
With a Twist of the Wrist Boys with tops , and Frisbee tossers , And P.R. types with bees in their bonnet , Have a goal in common , all of them try To put the right spin on it . 
He said the inquiry was n't made in a way that the banks could have interpreted as either encouraging or discouraging participation , and he added that none of the Japanese banks changed their posture on the deal as a result of the inquiry . 
In a management restructuring , Thomas L. Ringer resigned as chairman , chief executive and a director , while Israel Sheinberg resigned as a director . 
The successors would be nominated by the independent directors . 
Moody 's changes affected the following issues : 
The company said the quarter included a 10 % increase in local-exchange usage for long-distance calling and a 5 % increase in the number of access lines in service . 
Wright 's organic architecture demonstrated a keen sensitivity to the environment decades before it became fashionable among `` la-la activists . '' 
HealthVest missed an interest payment to Bank of Tokyo on Oct. 1 . 
Tidewater Inc. -- 4,631,400 common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
The IRS offered no evidence of hidden sources of taxable income , so Judge Shields rejected its claims . 
He said he set up shop on the sidewalk in front of his town-house office and helped victims apply for federal aid -- free of charge . 
The little radio fizzes as other boats want to see if we have found any fish -- spotting location is everything in this sport . 
The plunge made Shearson 's market commentary instantly out of date . 
This amounts to a bounty for regulators -- the more regulating the more they get to keep . 
( In the past two years , the stock almost stalled out . 
Much is being done in Colombia to fight the drug cartel mafia . 
The bank also says it 'll use its international network to channel investment from London , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris into the Spanish stock exchanges . 
It is a knock-out battle -- perhaps to the death . 
The company reported a third-quarter loss and said it is holding talks with its bank lenders for an extension on some overdue debt payments . 
Nothing seems hard here . 
No one was named to succeed Mr. Hartwell . 
The New York study found that the cost of security measures in firms with fewer than five employees was almost $ 1,000 per worker , compared with one-third that amount for firms with more than 10 employees . 
The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising for about a year in 1987 and gave up several market share points and its leadership position in the coffee business . 
Istat said 369,000 more people were employed in July than in April . 
CBS will air the Super Bowl , baseball playoffs , college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events . 
The Merc first started working on developing this contract in 1984 . 
He does n't fully succeed , although Mr. Straszheim lists an array of interest-rate scenarios . 
He argues that Michael Foods is misunderstood : `` This is a growth company in the packaged food industry -- a rare breed , like finding a white rhino . '' 
But since the member countries of the International Monetary Fund agreed to the `` Guidelines to Floating '' in 1974 , such difficulties have been avoided . 
Revenue declined 6.3 % to $ 1.11 billion from $ 1.18 billion . 
Mr. Sagan compares the importance of Steppenwolf with Orson Welles 's Mercury Theater in the '30s . 
The early omens , we admit , scarcely suggest so wholesome an outcome . 
I knew it was someone important , so I followed her into the ladies room and sure enough , it was Liza . 
The $ 4 billion in bonds break down as follows : $ 1 billion in five-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.25 % and a yield to maturity of 8.33 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.375 % and a yield to maturity of 8.42 % ; $ 2 billion in 30-year bonds with five-year call protection , a coupon rate of 8.75 % and a yield to maturity of 9.06 % . 
Administration pressure discourages any effort to add to total funding , and the Senate changes are expected to be largely technical -- dealing with highway aid and lifting the ceiling on total Small Business Administration loans to $ 1.8 billion to accommodate the increased activity expected . 
Although accountants are n't noted as `` being deeply emotional , they really hold it all in , '' said Mr. Burton , former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Cancer patients needing prolonged radiation therapy , diabetics learning to manage their blood sugar levels , and cardiac bypass patients are among those who spend time on cooperative-care units . 
`` The upside was in the intangible real estate ... which is no longer an intangible . '' 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % , 13 weeks ; 7.62 % , 26 weeks . 
But `` if they walk out without any effort to resolve their problem , production could increase to 23 million or 24 million barrels a day , making for a very troublesome first quarter , '' warns Nordine Ait-Laoussine , a consultant and former Algerian OPEC delegate . 
Off the Strip , MarCor is building the Rio , a hotel-casino with a Brazilian theme and only 430 rooms -- all of them suites . 
Harold W. Smith Sr. , chairman of Webster , will become chairman emeritus and a director of the new company . 
-- Grace periods ranging from two to five years before the full scope of the penalties takes effect . 
Investors were buying yesterday , but they were running scared to premier blue chips such as Procter & Gamble , which jumped 3 3\/8 to 127 . 
Meanwhile , the U.S. House of Representatives yesterday approved an $ 837.5 million aid package for Poland and Hungary that more than doubles the amount President Bush had requested . 
Already , many of the Big Board 's own floor traders are warning that the ESP baskets are risky and not in the best interests of the investing public . 
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company . 
Some of the associations have recommended Dr. Alan D. Lourie , 54 , a former patent agent with a doctorate in organic chemistry who now is associate general counsel with SmithKline Beckman Corp. in Philadelphia . 
Volume is down out of San Francisco , but not out of the 11 outlying offices , '' Mr. Daggs added . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Some of it was necessary to get federal help flowing to victims , but some seemed designed mostly to project an image of a White House in action . 
Continental is Texas Air 's flagship and was built painfully to its present size under Mr. Lorenzo after emerging from bankruptcy proceedings in 1986 . 
-- For the past several years , the banks , lacking a private navy to enforce their interests , have been pressuring the U.S. Treasury to underwrite their bad LDC credits . 
Stocks of California-based thrifts also were hard hit . 
`` All life is about change -- either you adapt or die , '' says one Chicago futures trader . 
Christies says it has had no contact with Mr. Morishita since the stock purchase , but that it 's happy to deal with him . 
Meanwhile , as such strategic investments have mounted , the merchant-banking arm of Mr. Rey 's Omni Holding has been busily buying and selling dozens of companies , often after a financial or corporate restructuring . 
Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , Chicago , said that the purchasers ' report is valuable because it often presents the first inkling of economic data for the month . 
The company wo n't say how much it will save , but during at its interim location , sources say it will likely pay rent of $ 10 to $ 15 per square foot . 
Operating revenue rose 25 % to $ 52.1 million from $ 41.8 million a year ago . 
Even if baseball triggers losses at CBS -- and he does n't think it will -- `` I 'd rather see the games on our air than on NBC and ABC , '' he says . 
Growing pressures on the Arizona real-estate market are affecting the thrift ; Pinnacle West told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report it may consider filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection if it ca n't reach an agreement with federal regulators to provide additional capital to MeraBank . 
Mr. Paul says , yes , the ceiling in his executive suite is gold-leaf inlay . 
`` There 's no finger to be pointed , '' she said . 
`` We needed contributions from all these departments to generate the proposal , '' says Carl Anton , configuration-data manager for Grumman 's A-6 combat aircraft program . 
Sears said its U.S. stores had a loss of $ 6.9 million , their first deficit for the period in more than five years . 
For instance , Ifint earlier this year bought an 18 % stake in Alisarda , the Aga Khan 's airline , which flies between Italy and Sardinia . 
As reported , PaineWebber bought shares Tuesday as part of a customer strategy shift , although the broker 's client was said then to have been Japanese . 
Qintex Entertainment was depending on Qintex Australia to arrange financing . 
Analysts were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders at the computer maker . 
Chrysler Corp. estimates that health costs add $ 700 to the price of each of its cars , about $ 300 to $ 500 more per car than foreign competitors pay for health . 
But HomeFed said it purposely curbed loan originations in the quarter because of uncertainty over the new capital requirements and regulations that will emerge from negotiations over implementing the government 's massive thrift bailout bill . 
About 400,000 commuters trying to find their way through the Bay area 's quake-torn transportation system wedged cheek-to-jowl into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited forlornly for buses yesterday . 
USAir and Mr. Buffett wo n't talk about Mr. Steinhardt at all . 
Operating profit , pretax profit and net income results , however , were provided for the immediately preceding six-month period . 
For the third quarter , net premiums were $ 742 million , up 9.6 % from $ 677 million in last year 's quarter , because of the expiration of the National Indemnity quota share reinsurance agreement . 
This picture is about a middle-aged son who makes sure that his delayed bond with his father will last by waiting to cement it until just before the old man dies . 
In the series , Virgil Tibbs ( Howard Rollins ) and his wife , Althea ( Anne-Marie Johnson ) have settled in Sparta , Miss . 
Rumors persisted last week that New York 's credit ratings -- single-A from Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-minus from Standard & Poor 's Corp. -- are at risk . 
E.W. Scripps Co. said it has acquired a Georgia cable television company and a Massachusetts publishing firm . 
But survivors earn more . 
Now his half-dozen employees work in an eighth-floor shop that he says is smaller than his old storage room . 
Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . 
In May , the government unveiled new foreign investment regulations that create special trusts allowing foreigners , long limited to a 40 % stake in secondary petrochemical companies , to own up to 100 % . 
In terms of diversions , Denver 's Stapleton International may have experienced the most far-flung : A United flight from Japan was rerouted there . 
`` It would be difficult to see how a car company can be owned by a collective , '' Sir John said . 
The unit said it can provide no assurance a transaction will occur . 
An extra exclusion would be given to long-held stock in small and medium-size corporations just starting up . 
Comprehensive Care plunged 4 3\/4 to 3 5\/8 on 1.2 million shares . 
BIO-RAD LABORATORIES INC. , Hercules , biological research and clinical-products leader , $ 200 million in annual sales , Amex , said its Richmond warehouse north of San Francisco was closed because of debris and fallen shelves . 
The probe of Southern Co. has attracted considerable attention this year because of several events that have befallen the company , including the death of a Gulf Power executive in a plane crash and the disappearance of a company vendor who was to be a key grand jury witness . 
A severe recession could , of course , raise delinquency rates , but so far the current levels of consumer debt do n't seem to loom as a major threat . 
John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , also said the company expects sales from continuing businesses to rise 8.5 % annually through the next three years . 
That means that the U.S. trade deficit was running closer to $ 75 billion than to $ 95 billion in 1988 , and $ 55 billion ( annualized ) rather than $ 80 billion in the first quarter of 1989 . 
`` The pricing will become more realistic , which should help management , '' said Bruce Rosenthal , a New York investment banker with Nathan S. Jonas & Co . 
In addition , the company 's board authorized the purchase of up to an additional one million shares . 
Robert L. Wood , 37-year-old chief financial officer , was named chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power producer , succeeding Raymond L. Hixson , 63 . 
`` There are a lot of have and have-not markets . '' 
`` That 's what the naczelnik counts on . 
Mr. Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which sounds more like a mildly atonal rhapsody for solo violin with orchestral accompaniment , meanders until the propulsive `` Agitato , fervente . '' 
Sun Microsystems Inc. said it 's still actively evaluating U.S. Memories and plans to meet with U.S. Memories representatives later this week . 
A sales tax increase appears to be the fastest and easiest to raise funds in a hurry . 
A cultural center has been built , shops . 
Whitman & Ransom managing partner Maged F. Riad said the Golenbock recruits will enhance the firm 's corporate and litigation departments . 
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady , Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp are members of the board . 
Big withdrawals from the junk funds have continued this month . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. is reviewing debt issued by 12 California counties , and `` there are potential isolated problems , '' said Hyman Grossman , a managing director . 
Sea Containers said the offer will proceed after the Bermuda Supreme Court lifts or modifies an interim injunction restraining the company from buying its shares . 
JAPAN 'S MISUSE of U.S. patents has been a sore point for American chip makers . 
For such businessmen , the Canadian government is organizing 55 missions this year to U.S. states bordering on Canada . 
Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services . 
Congress is paralyzed from acting on such great issues of the day as the federal budget deficit . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed up 39.55 , at 2683.20 , after rising over 60 points in mid-afternoon . 
Ms. Heller , 38 , had headed up Boston agency Heller\/Breene , a unit of WCRS . 
Deductions of charitable gifts of highly valued art now must be accompanied by appraisals . 
Many of the 31,329 investors who remain are beginning to question one of the exchange 's most basic tenets , the concept of unlimited personal liability . 
The drug czar claimed that enforcement efforts are working here , `` albeit at a slower and more halting pace than we would like . '' 
There is n't a black worker in sight . 
Both distributions are payable Dec. 4 to limited partners of record Nov. 3 . 
DREYER'S GRAND ICE CREAM INC. , Oakland , ice cream maker , annual sales of $ 225 million , OTC , said it is delivering ice cream wherever roads are passable . 
Valhi Inc. , another of Mr. Simmons ' companies , responded to an article Monday in The Wall Street Journal , which credited a story in the Sunday Los Angeles Daily News . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said it applied to Taiwanese securities officials for permission to open brokerage offices in Taipei . 
A Food and Drug Administration advisory panel has asked that Medstone perform more studies on its device to treat gallstones . 
The stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by inventory gluts and disappointing earnings as the industry matures and slows . 
Separately , Purchase , N.Y.-based PepsiCo Inc. , as expected , said fiscal third-quarter net rose 11 % to $ 269.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 241.6 million , or 91 cents a share . 
Men who have played hard all their lives are n't about to change their habits , he says . 
It is unrelated to the much-publicized virus that last year infected Arpanet , a much larger network used by researchers at universities , laboratories and government agencies around the world . 
I really do , '' she says . 
KKR would give up a 31 % equity stake to bondholders , while Mr. Gillett would surrender an 8 % stake . 
Employees wore identification badges listing not only their names but also their dates of hire . 
The company later apologized and agreed to make $ 8 million in contributions to charities chosen by him . 
The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race , sex and income level of borrowers , but that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least . 
Mothers of young AIDS patients expressed somber satisfaction . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
SCI TV , which expects to release a plan to restructure $ 1.3 billion of debt in the next day or so , is n't just another LBO that went bad after piling on debt -- though it did do that . 
The financial services company , which has about 98.8 million shares outstanding , noted its `` continued confidence in the ongoing strength of the operations . 
The bottom fifth of all families got 4.6 % of the income , down from 5.2 % a decade earlier . 
Goodson , which is based here , will use part of the proceeds to pay down debt associated with its purchase of the Morristown Daily Record for $ 155 million in 1987 . 
Revenue is estimated at $ 18.6 million . 
And more recently , he insisted on signing a five-nation agreement intended to disarm Nicaragua 's U.S.-backed Contra rebels faster than the Bush administration would prefer . 
Bob Chandross , chief economist at Lloyds Bank in New York , also noted that the pound 's sharp decline is pegged more to uncertainty in the market than a vision of altered United Kingdom economic policies . 
That means Eastern , a unit of Texas Air Corp. of Houston , can go forward with its pitch for creditor approval as early as today , when it is expected to deliver a revised reorganization plan to the committee . 
Polly Peck , a fast-growing British conglomerate , will pay 15.6 billion yen ( $ 110 million ) for 39 million new shares of Sansui , a well-known maker of high-fidelity audio equipment that failed to adjust to changing market conditions . 
The securities were priced at 99.1875 to yield about 9.19 % . 
Jack Byrne , chairman of Fireman 's Fund , said this disaster will test the catastrophe reinsurance market , causing these rates to soar . 
Just the thing for the Vivaldi-at-brunch set , the yuppie audience that has embraced New Age as its very own easy listening . 
Another reason : strikes , both at Georgia-Pacific and other lumber companies also cut supplies and raised prices , analysts said . 
But if defendants can prove that they met San Francisco 's stringent building codes , `` that 's probably going to protect them , '' Mr. Ruvolo says . 
The division will be headed by Dick Porter , who returns to Bozell after being vice president of media at MGM . 
High-yield traders said spreads between the bid and offered prices of Western Union junk bonds have been widening for some time , and in certain cases , bids for Western Union securities are not available . 
But the new statistics show that by September , the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off . 
In the the latest quarter , thanks in part to `` Batman , '' Guber Peters earned $ 5.8 million , or 50 cents a share , compared to a loss of $ 6.8 million , or 62 cents a share , in last year 's quarter . 
Construction of apartments and other multi-family dwellings slipped 2.2 % to an annual rate of 1,022,000 following a 3.5 % decline in August . 
Regarding your Oct. 4 page-one article `` Bad Blood '' on the generic-drug battle : The Epilepsy Institute is not just a patient-advocacy organization . 
The chamber voted 231-191 , 51 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed to overturn the president 's veto of legislation renewing support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest . 
The French chemical giant would hold an 80 % share of the U.K. market for salicylic acid , methyl salicylate and bulk aspirin . 
The donations so far appear to be small , especially compared with the huge sums that changed hands in the Recruit Co . influence-peddling scandal that plagued the ruling party last year . 
The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 . 
At July 31 , Air & Water had nearly 10 million shares outstanding . 
`` Today , '' said Mr. Sisulu , `` the ANC has captured the center stage of political life in South Africa . '' 
Philips did n't indicate how many shares outstanding it has of either issue . 
`` That puts pressure on CD rates . 
Tandem 's pricing is just as aggressive . 
Here 's a firsthand look at what the Japanese hosts sported , and what the foreign visitors saw . 
Dark hints would be raised that parts of the administration hope Mr. Gorbachev would fail , just as they were when Vice President Quayle voiced similar sentiments . 
Durable goods orders slipped 0.1 % in September , reflecting weakening auto demand after a spurt of orders for new 1990 models . 
A Nissan spokesman attributed the increase to the use of incentives this year and not a year ago and to higher fleet sales . 
But this quake was n't the big one , the replay of 1906 that has been feared for so many years . 
Here , at a soccer stadium near the black township of Soweto yesterday , were eight leaders of the African National Congress , seven of whom had spent most of their adult lives in prison for sabotage and conspiracy to overthrow the government . 
The group had an operating profit of $ 65 million , against a loss of $ 13 million a year earlier . 
Separately , Esselte Business Systems reported third-quarter net income fell 5.9 % to $ 9.5 million , or 46 cents a share , from $ 10.1 million , or 49 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
It may also lead to new safeguards in major construction projects such as double-deck highways . 
The company noted that the year-ago period was particularly strong , with an increase of nearly 70 % . 
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself . 
In the nine months , EDS earned $ 315.8 million , or $ 2.62 a share , up 13 % from $ 280.7 million , or $ 2.30 a share . 
In London trading , Courtaulds , a chemicals and textiles company , increased 15 pence to 362 after it disclosed plans to spin off its textiles operations into a separately listed company on Jan. 1 . 
He ultimately became so well-known for cutting compensation , however , that clients did n't seek him out for anything else . 
For a while , high-cost pornography lines and services that tempt children to dial ( and redial ) movie or music information earned the service a somewhat sleazy image , but new legal restrictions are aimed at trimming excesses . 
A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from the heart of the Silicon Valley and more than 50 miles from downtown San Francisco and Oakland . 
Mr. Smith and a spokesman for the America 's Cup Organizing Committee insist that the added competition for the defender 's spot will only improve the race . 
As a result , financial advisers say they take several steps when evaluating the riskiness of clients ' portfolios . 
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar . 
He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Paper , Dow Chemical , Quantum Chemical , International Business Machines and Digital Equipment . 
Resolution Funding Corp. plans to sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday in the agency 's first sale of securities . 
He believes baby boomers will continue to be selective in their brand loyalties . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Jefferies Group Inc. said third-quarter net income fell 4 % , to $ 2.2 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 2.3 million , or 31 cents a share on more shares , a year earlier . 
Royal contends that Realist failed to disclose material information , including Realist 's negotiations to acquire Ammann Laser Technik AG , to stockholders prior to Realist 's June 6 annual meeting . 
`` They will do it every chance they get , '' said one program-trading executive . 
In the aforementioned episode of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' we saw Althea being attacked , but we were n't invited to enjoy the spectacle . 
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff . 
Host Ted Koppel introduced him as `` the media master of the Reagan Administration , '' with nary a mention of Mr. Deaver 's conviction in 1987 on perjury charges . 
Mr. Good , who documents these things as best he can , provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt : `` 1,430 pounds of ammunition , '' he wrote his commander in chief , were expended on `` unidentified aircraft , '' flying at speeds as slow as 200 mph and elevations between 9,000 and 18,000 feet . 
Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state into a $ 49.7 million bequest . 
West Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was at 99.95 late yesterday , off 0.10 point from Monday , to yield 7.01 % . 
IRA rules have been changed over the years . 
The company had a loss from operations of $ 1.7 million . 
MITI officials hope to avoid yet-another source of trade friction with the U.S. even though export restraints currently limit Japanese car exports to the U.S. . 
In July unfilled orders grew 1 % . 
California enacted a rights law in 1988 . 
Grand Metropolitan PLC , the United Kingdom food and beverage group that owns Pillsbury Inc. of the U.S. , announced a reshuffling of board-level executive duties intended to fit the company 's recent expansion . 
His grip on power unraveled this summer as thousands of his countrymen , dissatisfied by the harshness of his rule , fled to the West . 
American education 's future will be determined by the degree to which we -- all of us -- allow this common sense to prevail over the illusions that we also share . 
Several phone calls and a visit to his broker 's office later , the dentist found out that the $ 9,000 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the CD , and that the amount was n't insured . 
Funds for drilling may inch up more next year if oil prices stay stable . 
But he figures that at current levels the stock market is comfortably valued , even with the economy obviously slowing . 
`` We made our own decision , '' he said . 
Apparently the officials did n't even know the mural was missing until 1980 , when a researcher found that the painting was in Mr. Hoelzer 's studio and questioned school officials about it . 
Such moves have helped Mr. Rosen weather the industry slump of recent years . 
The bank said the talks resulted from solicitations by its financial adviser . 
Texas Rep. William Archer , the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee said , `` I do n't see how we have the votes '' to place a capital-gains tax cut there . 
Although Paribas denies it , analysts say the new bid in part simply reflects the continuing rivalry between France 's two largest investment banking groups . 
Digital Equipment announced its first mainframe computers , targeting IBM 's largest market and heating up the industry 's biggest rivalry . 
Investors may reap huge profits when premiums exceed claims , but they are liable to their last pound or dollar in the event of a catastrophe . 
Geno M. Apicella , 27 , of Los Angeles , and Terrell N. Madison , 27 , of Hawthorne , were also charged with participating in the conspiracy . 
They observe that persistent Japanese investor demand for dollars for both portfolio and direct investment has kept a base of support for the dollar at around 140 yen . 
It 's been a steadily improving relationship , '' says Mr. Carpenter . 
`` There 's either a minority { stake } package capable of getting Jaguar shareholder approval or there is n't , '' said one knowledgeable individual . `` 
What complicates the scene in Cambodia is that the current regime is already communist , as are its Vietnamese overseers back in Hanoi , as are the Khmer Rouge -- who are the strongest of the three guerrilla groups . 
Lockheed Corp. said it will trim its Aeronautical Systems work force in California and Georgia by several hundred workers , reflecting the defense industry 's decline . 
In other words , after the glory boom of the Reagan years , wages had sunk from the post World War II peak by 16 % as capitalists , helped by the government , turned down the screws or went offshore . 
Rep. Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D . ) has introduced a bill in Congress , co-sponsored by Rep. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind. ) , that would put the treasury secretary back on the board . 
Democrats had been negotiating with some Republican congressional leaders on a compromise lately . 
My initial stake in this blooming enterprise has grown tenfold , according to my conservative calculations . 
`` While I 'm pleased the FDA is finally releasing AZT for children , it 's taken much too long to get to this point , '' said Rep. Ted Weiss . 
Philip Morris , the most active Big Board issue for the second consecutive session , was unchanged at 43 1\/4 on 3.9 million shares . 
All these reports about him committing genocide are probably exaggerated anyway . 
Mr. Tucker will succeed Salvatore J. Barbera , 64 , who will hold the newly created position of chairman of the international unit until his retirement April 1 . 
Documents filed by prosecutors also indicate that Mr. Lavelle and his fellow conspirators requested and obtained `` approval of the scheme '' from more-senior Sperry officials `` because the payment which { Mr . } Tomlin requested was so large . '' 
In fact , yesterday the administration and Congress were still differing on what had been agreed to . 
U.S. Trust also created a four-member office of the chairman , effective Feb. 1 . 
But Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons said their experiments also produced large amounts of heat . 
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research . 
But in any event -- and this is the important point -- tax `` payments '' on capital gains will be lower with indexation than under current law , even though the tax `` rate '' is the same under both systems . 
I agree with Mr. Lehman 100 % ! 
Along with Nissan , Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King and New York Life Insurance have tied ads to Red Cross donations . 
If the show 's creators could just let themselves be quiet for a little , they might just hear it . 
In separate statements , the two sides said they want to have `` further discussions . '' 
Much of this work was done for higher fees than other legal work and was not generally billed by the hour . 
Local bar associations in some states have numbers that provide free tape-recorded messages explaining certain areas of the law . 
Mr. Lagnado said strength in employment appears to have the biggest impact on sales growth . 
The air-waybill number was changed en route , and paper work showing that the crates had cleared customs was misplaced , so it was a week before three of the four crates could be located in a bonded warehouse and the Gauguin discovered missing . 
`` One thing that is a little unnerving is that you had three old men on the court of appeals in California coming up with a statement that Nancy Sinatra is not distinctive but that Bette Midler is . 
Volume totaled 8,930,000 shares . 
Because of Tuesday 's earthquake in Northern California , company officials could n't immediately be reached for additional comment . 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. , New York , the newly merged drug and health-care-product company , reported record third-quarter earnings for both companies in the merger . 
`` Everyone is waiting for GNP , '' says Walter Simon , an assistant treasurer with Bank Julius Baer & Co . 
Ko Shioya spent eight years as the editor in chief of the Japanese edition of Reader 's Digest . 
Responding to such questions is `` defensive , '' says Kenneth Olissa , Wang 's vice president , marketing . 
The ` Billionaire ' 
The law firm has filed a friend-of-the-court brief jointly with the Washington Legal Foundation , a conservative legal group . 
`` Our members are eager to begin trading this contract , so we expect no difficulty in attracting locals to the natural gas pit , '' he said . 
He said that if little cocoa actually has arrived at the ports , shipping delays could result . 
Amoco 's refining and marketing profit in the quarter fell to $ 134 million from $ 319 million . 
`` You 've got some minds here that wo n't think progressively , '' he says . 
`` But they did n't have to choose this particular moment . '' 
Attorneys general in several states , including Illinois , are already suing Watson & Hughey Co. , an Alexandria , Va.-based outfit that they say has used deceptive sweepstakes ads to solicit donations for the American Heart Disease Foundation and the Cancer Fund of America . 
They are telling people what roads are closed and just keeping the public informed has helped to keep the panic down , '' said James Ball , a station supervisor at Daly City Police Department . 
Jayark , New York , distributes and rents audio-visual equipment and prints promotional ads for retailers . 
My wife and I will stay through the skiing season , or until the money runs out -- whichever comes first . 
What is undemocratic is the unwillingness of the more political parts of the government to take the responsibility for deciding the basic question of monetary policy , which is what priority should be given to stabilizing the price level . 
Oncor , a six-year-old developer of genetic medical tests , projects that the cancer test will help it to post its first-ever profit during the first quarter of 1990 , Mr. Turner said . 
After repeated gun robberies , some entrepreneurs may give up a business out of fear for their lives . 
Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did . 
Should n't they properly be called exit-load funds ? 
In yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly stated that the company 's share price has softened since August 1988 . 
`` We played catch-up in some areas , and sold off in some others . '' 
A company spokesman declined to comment and said that the officials who sold shares would n't comment . 
Dealers said the market was nervous ahead of a special B.A.T holders ' meeting today . 
In the play , the Duke of Vienna despairs over the licentiousness of his subjects and turns over the rule of the city to the puritanical Angelo , hoping he can set things right . 
Left-stream economists I associate with -- fellows in the Union of Radical Political Economists , most particularly Robert Pollin of the economics faculty at the University of California at Riverside -- were not hypnotized in the manner of their pliant colleagues . 
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages . 
`` Ford 's appetite to attack { Jaguar } could gradually wane over time , particularly if Saab is a reasonably attractive proposition , '' says John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute . 
Yesterday 's sell-off and rebound was a powerful reminder that 11 days after the 190-point plunge on Friday the 13th , the stock market still has a bad case of nerves . 
`` The market is sending nervous signals , '' says Peter J. Canelo , chief market strategist for Bear , Stearns & Co. , and it 's `` unwise '' to be overcommitted to stocks . 
`` If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , '' said Jeff Rooker , a member of Parliament and one of several British politicians attending a London conference with government investigators from the U.S. , Canada and Australia . 
Hunter Environmental Services Inc. said it reached a preliminary accord on the sale of its environmental consulting and services business for about $ 40 million and assumption of related debt . 
Proceeds will be used for capital expenditures and working capital . 
In the 1989 second quarter , Shearson had net income of $ 55 million , or 54 cents a share . 
Currently , even though the issuer does n't pay tax , the debt holder is taxed on the accrued interest . 
After two mistrials , the stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman , James T. Sherwin , have changed considerably . 
The `` Thin Man '' series of movies , as well as many others , based their entire comedic appeal on the star detectives ' witty quips and puns as other characters in the movies were murdered . 
In major market activity : Stock prices slumped in sluggish trading . 
But its auditor , Ernst & Young , said Enviropact 's financial situation raises `` substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . '' 
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes . 
Such a dual role would be `` impractical and unethical , '' Warner said , adding , `` that concept is as silly as suggesting that the head coach of the Los Angeles Dodgers could simultaneously be general manager of the San Francisco Giants . '' 
Sales in the latest quarter were $ 8.59 billion , up 9.4 % from $ 7.85 billion . 
`` The range of expectations is so broad , '' a dealer at another major U.K. brokerage firm said , `` the deficit may have to be nearer or above # 2 billion for it to have any impact on the market . '' 
Tax-exempt airport and street-corner solicitations were intended only to provide start-up funds . 
Competition and mounting insurance and equipment costs have been the undoing of many resorts . 
Similarly , one of the most popular comedy genres of the 1930s and '40s was the `` murder mystery\/comedy . '' 
The lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , the broker and his firm `` will be irreparably injured and their business will be totally and permanently destroyed . '' 
Remaining proceeds were used to pay other debt and to finance the company 's capital spending program . 
Including those in the state programs , there were 143,800 Norwegians , or about 6.5 % of the work force , without permanent employment in October , up from September 's 136,800 . 
The fund 's purpose is to provide quick and adequate relief . 
I find it troubling . '' 
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120-day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future . 
Seagram closed at $ 84.75 , up 12.5 cents a share in Big Board trading . 
New York State law prohibits insurance brokerages from deriving more than 10 % of revenue from insuring affiliated companies . 
That irritates many women who have n't taken their husbands ' last name . 
`` What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Today , the pixie-like clarinetist has mostly dropped the missionary work ( though a touch of the old Tashi still survives ) and now goes on the road with piano , bass , a slide show , and a repertoire that ranges from light classical to light jazz to light pop , with a few notable exceptions . 
Each claims to possess the right technology and wants just a bit more money to make it commercial . 
Strict new regulations seem certain to pass the state House in Pennsylvania next week , with easy approval by the Senate and by Democratic Gov. Bob Casey expected shortly thereafter . 
James A. Toney , a vice president , sold 1,500 shares Aug. 28 . 
That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50 % stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte 's insurance business . 
MeraBank 's rating for short-term deposits remains Not Prime . 
It has an unusual kind of independence from elected officials and still has authority over one of the most powerful of government 's instruments -- the control of the money supply . 
It also means use of quantity-based pollution limits such as transferable permits , rather than price-based limits such as effluent fees . 
Parker officials said the company is selling the units to focus on its other businesses . 
In trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange , the U.S. benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude fell 39 cents a barrel to $ 19.76 for December delivery . 
James Earl Jones is cast to play the Rev. Mr. Johns . 
`` I am convinced that a monetary policy for this country that would return interest rates to the historical level of 4 % or 5 % would have not only an immediate impact on housing starts , the housing stock , our industry in America , the refurbishing of our industrial system , it would help the Third World economies considerably and it would particularly have a favorable impact upon our budget deficit , '' Mr. Kemp said . 
According to Mr. Verwoerd , the early Afrikaner pioneers were the first people to settle in the eastern Transvaal , even before the blacks . 
Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . 
Giovanni Agnelli , a limited partnership that is the master holding company for Fiat 's Agnelli family , owns approximately 75 % of the shares in Istituto Finanziario Industriale , which in turn owns approximately 40 % of Fiat , Italy 's biggest private-sector industrial group . 
GE Capital is a financial services subsidiary of General Electric Co. of Fairfield , Conn. , which also has broadcasting and electrical-products businesses . 
`` We know how to get from capitalism to socialism , '' Sergiusz Niciporuk is saying one afternoon . 
`` While Mr. Reuter 's comments please us very much , there currently are no talks in progress regarding the automotive industry , '' a Fiat spokeswoman said . 
The ANC vows to keep up pressure on the government . 
Those officials say there was full disclosure of the risks in a `` fact sheet '' sent to all CD investors with their confirmation of sale . 
Much of Bond Corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of some of Bond Corp. 's assets and those of its units . 
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead . 
That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they scored four times and brought their big heat -- Will Clark and Kevin Mitchell -- to the plate with one out and a runner on . 
Issues of insurance brokers were especially strong . 
The measure also moves more than $ 450 million in the Pentagon budget to home-state projects from foreign bases . 
Microsoft added 2 1\/8 to 81 3\/4 and Oracle Systems rose 1 1\/2 to 23 1\/4 . 
Many companies will be negotiating their 1990 reinsurance contracts in the next few weeks . 
First Wachovia Corp. said John F. McNair III will retire as president and chief executive officer of this regional banking company 's Wachovia Corp. and Wachovia Bank & Trust Co. subsidiaries on Dec. 31 . 
Houston 
And , in addition to a crack team of sailors , Mr. Isler has lined up some real brass to help him finance the syndicate . 
In New York society , Pat Buckley , the very social wife of author William Buckley , has the nicknames `` Mrs. Buckles '' and `` Patsy . '' 
At a time when Americans are leveraged to their eyeballs , asset-backed investors may be taking a heady gamble that consumers will be able to repay loans in hard times . 
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro-industry projects , he said . 
George Bush disclosed the policy last week by reading it to GOP senators , perhaps as a way of shifting blame for the Panama fiasco to Congress . 
In particular , Japanese investors will be keeping a wary eye on Wall Street to see whether Monday 's 88.12-point rally holds up as fresh U.S. economic data are released . 
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid . 
But lawmakers want to extend the period for 100 % federal funding for several months . 
`` If that does n't happen , then we press forward on another vehicle and a separate vote , '' said press secretary Marlin Fitzwater . 
Big Board traders said a 200,000-share buy order at $ 150 a share entered by Bear , Stearns & Co. , which was active in UAL stock all day , is what set off the UAL crowd in the late afternoon . 
Only a few books fell in the reading room . 
While the company has always been family-run , Mr. Brawer is n't the first person to marry into the family and subsequently head Maidenform . 
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for-profit businesses . 
`` Under the new tax-reform law , the days of widespread , wholesale corporate tax avoidance have come to an end . '' 
When it comes to buying and selling shares , Westridge Capital Management Inc. takes a back seat to no one . 
Adds Spencer Barasch , branch chief for enforcement at the SEC in Fort Worth , Texas : `` Why do people play the lottery when the odds are great against them ? 
On Capitol Hill , though , there does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains and the deficit-reduction bill . 
And they continue anonymously attacking CIA Director William Webster for being too accommodating to the committee . 
Indeed , some investment bankers have already started restructuring deals to cope with the expected rules . 
The U.S. unit also firmed against other currencies on the back of sterling 's tumble , as market participants switched out of pounds . 
He said more than 70 % of the bargaining unit voted in favor of the agreement . 
GM said the assembly plant , which builds the Chevrolet Corsica and Beretta compact cars , originally was scheduled to reopen Monday but now will not resume production until Oct. 30 . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 7\/16 % one year . 
Soon all hell broke loose . 
Second , we trimmed more than a month off the time required to deliver a finished product . '' 
The trade group 's compilation of Commerce Department data showed that August imports , the second largest monthly total of the year , were up 5 % from July 's 1,458,000 tons but below last year 's high of 1,979,000 tons in June 1988 . 
In addition , OEX options were suspended from trading last Friday afternoon , after the stock-market sell-off got under way and trading in the S&P-500 futures contract was halted . 
It 's a script pieced together from interviews by CBS News for a re-enactment , a dramatic rendering by an actor of Mr. Hoffman 's ultimately unsuccessful struggle with depression . 
In the second , foreign borrowing is projected to grow 10 % and investment to drop 10 % . 
Michael A. Miles , chief executive officer of Philip Morris Cos . ' Kraft General Foods unit , bought 6,000 shares of the company on Sept. 22 for $ 157 each . 
Though the assassination ban is a White House order that Congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation . 
For example , he says , the company is planning to go nationwide with a new service , tested in parts of the country , aimed at taxpayers who want refunds in a hurry . 
Wasserstein Perella & Co. is the dealer-manager for the offer , which will expire Nov. 29 , unless extended . 
Yesterday 's buyers favored real estate , construction and other large-capitalization issues , reflecting the fact that many Tokyo investors now feel safer with domestically oriented stocks , analysts said . 
If a TV weatherman gets butterflies facing the camera again after a questionable forecast , Donald H. Straszheim surely understands . 
The producers ' 28 % share of publicly held Guber Peters would net them an additional $ 50 million . 
The Freind legislation -- the state 's House Judiciary Committee approved it in Harrisburg this week and the full Pennsylvania House is expected to take up the bill next Tuesday -- includes a provision to ban abortions after 24 weeks of pregnancy , except to avert the death of the mother . 
Since then , Della Femina won Pan Am as an international client and also does work for a few packaged-goods clients , including Dow Chemical Co. 's Saran Wrap . 
Merrill Lynch & Co. -- $ 200 million of 8.4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 2019 , priced at 99.771 to yield 8.457 % . 
Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group reported a 12 % increase in net income in the third quarter , led by a 43 % gain in its financial services group . 
Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight . 
Gorky was a loyal if occasionally ambivalent proletarian writer committed to enlightening the masses with plain speaking rooted in a slightly sour version of Chekhovian humanism . 
`` In reality it 's very volatile , but the movements are not because of market movements . 
If all goes well , the product will be rolled out for national sales sometime next year , a Coke spokesman said . 
Finnair would receive SAS shares valued at the same amount , officials said . 
In the end , Sir John -- rather than the government or Jaguar shareholders -- may hold the key that unlocks the golden share . 
The council plans to release its regional reports monthly . 
S.G. Warburg , also mentioned in the rumor mill , jumped 14 at to 414 . 
Eugene S. Clarke IV 
The Tax Court recently denied business deductions by Mr. and Mrs. Peter S. Rubin of Cherry Hill , N.J. , who both were part-time distributors of Amway products in addition to their regular jobs as sales people in other fields . 
At Tokyo , the Nikkei index of 225 selected issues was up 112.16 points to 35486.38 . 
Short interest on the New York Stock Exchange declined for the second consecutive month , this time 4.2 % , while the American Stock Exchange reported its third consecutive record month of short interest . 
Such disclosures of big holdings often are used by raiders to try to scare a company 's managers , and to stir interest in the stock . 
`` Any fool can publish a money-losing magazine . 
A daily news briefing from the company librarian , for example , would have a distinctive format on the screen , just as a paper version would have . 
`` It 's the overload problem and the weight problem we have . '' 
Trelleborg 's internationally traded `` Bfree '' series stock plunged SKr29 ( $ 4.48 ) to SKr205 ( $ 31.65 ) in volatile trading Monday in Stockholm . 
The sale price of McCall 's -- twice what Mr. Lang originally paid for it -- will finance Lang Communications ' buy-back of Time Warner 's 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother . 
Citicorp 's spokesman said , however , that the bank is maintaining those expenses in proportion to revenue growth . 
Mr. Agnos complained that he was `` ticked off '' that Vice President Dan Quayle , who toured the earthquake site Wednesday , did n't schedule a private meeting with him . 
However , on balance , the charity game helps America . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year . 
It also could be a drag on Georgia-Pacific earnings because the roughly $ 1.5 billion in goodwill -- the amount by which the bid exceeds Nekoosa 's book value of $ 1.5 billion -- will have to be subtracted from earnings over a period of decades . 
Mr. Bush has said he personally approves of abortions in the cases of rape , incest and danger to the life of the mother . 
Elsewhere , share prices closed higher in Amsterdam , Brussels , Milan and Paris . 
Expect brushbacks but no beanballs , says Mr. McEnaney . 
Clairol , which makes hair and skin products , was a division of Bristol-Myers Co. before that company 's merger with Squibb Corp . 
Output declined in several provinces , including Jiangsu and Zhejiang , two key coastal areas , and Sichuan , the nation 's agricultural breadbasket . 
The bonds are rated single-A by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
The year-ago results have been restated to comply with government regulations . 
Completion of the sale is expected early next year , Falcon said . 
Yesterday , Mobil said domestic exploration and production operations had a $ 16 million loss in the third quarter , while comparable foreign operations earned $ 234 million . 
Business complained earlier this year when Sen. Kennedy introduced a bill that would require employers to provide a minimum level of health insurance to workers but does n't contain cost-control measures . 
Illinois joins 36 other states that allow public participation in attorney-disciplinary proceedings and 32 states that open disciplinary hearings to the public , according to the American Bar Association . 
Another option for Delmed , the company said , is that it could sell its plant in Ogden , Utah . 
Star States plunged 3 1\/4 to 8 3\/4 on 207,000 shares . 
SMYRNA , Ga. -- 
In keeping with men 's broader fashion scope today , businessmen are dabbling in English and Italian suits that are conservative but not stodgy . 
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt-equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year . 
Mr. Nye thinks the UAL board should be ousted if it does n't move soon to increase shareholder value . 
AMR , the parent of American Airlines , continued to retreat in the wake of New York developer Donald Trump 's decision to withdraw his $ 120-a-share takeover bid . 
A group including ESL Partners Ltd. , a Fort Worth , Texas , investment partnership , and Richard E. Rainwater , a former adviser to the Fort Worth Bass family , said it reduced its stake in Anacomp Inc. to 3.6 % of the common shares outstanding . 
Sadly , the cycle appears not as waves but as a downward spiral . 
11:59 p.m . 
Ralph Shattuck , publisher of Foreclosure Update newsletter , said foreclosures have climbed to about 1,482 a month just in Maricopa County , where Phoenix is located . 
At first , we were unfazed . 
CBS is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them . 
He gave up seven hits , walked five and did n't get a decision . 
They did n't return the rubber stocks that represent his capital . 
Your Oct. 4 front page noted that British lawyers have to wear wigs in court and that these wigs are made from horses ' tails . 
Mr. Auvil , the Washington grower , says that he could sell Fujis to Taiwan buyers at $ 40 a box if he had them . 
Earnings are n't keeping pace , he says , because of heavy investments in the egg technologies and drought-related costs in its potato business . 
Since the spring of 1985 , financial alchemists have transformed a wide variety of debt into these new securities . 
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . '' 
Stocks : Volume 170,330,000 shares . 
The index uses a base of 100 in 1982 . 
A bunch of tans and bathing suits posing as lovable lifeguards . 
Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 . 
Carat will receive its WCRS stake as part of payment for the 50 % Carat stake that WCRS is buying , while Eurocom said it expects to pay about # 32 million for its WCRS stake . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
3 ) Develop rental agreements with exclusive purchase options for the renter . 
Norwood Partners Limited Partnership of Boston said it may make a tender offer for some or all of Phoenix Technologies Ltd. 's common shares . 
Yearly changes in federal benefit laws force small businesses to repeatedly re-evaluate and redesign existing plans . 
Are the engineering and architecture of the economy as vulnerable as the spans of the Bay Bridge ? 
In fact , there 's only one person involved who 's happy , and that 's Floyd String , president of Coin Wrap and conceiver of the cement-truck solution . 
Manufacturers have survived the turmoil in China largely unscathed . 
But , by allowing BT Securities Inc. to handle private placements , the Fed boosted the volume of new types of underwriting that the unit can do . 
Bond prices ended lower after an early rally , while the dollar was mixed . 
Mr. Koenig will build the corporate-finance and investment-banking business of Gruntal , which has primarily been a retail-based firm . 
But sale increases were offset by slumping sales in flat glass and fiberglass reinforcements , the company said . 
There 's a certain cruel logic at work here : It 's particularly appropriate -- and tragic -- that the land that produced Karl Marx should prove socialism 's failure in an experiment that uses its own people as controls . 
For the year ended June 30 , 1989 , Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million . 
The exchange had forecast that the contract would begin trading by December . 
Under the type of transaction being discussed , the pilot-management group would borrow several billion dollars from banks that could then be used to finance a cash payment to current holders . 
Mr. Carver , however , believes the company 's egg product wo n't help the bottom line in the short run , even though it `` makes sense -- it 's more convenient '' and justifies its price , which is higher than shell eggs , because of health and sanitation concerns . 
`` Over the next few years , I would advise caution . '' 
That is because many companies will standardize on certain types of equipment as the various parts of the manufacturing market merge , and IBM is the biggest player . 
But with Seaman , KKR was only trying to salvage its original investment , says bankruptcy investor James Rubin of Sass Lamle Rubin in New York . 
The LDP won by a landslide in the last election , in July 1986 . 
But favorable earnings was n't a guarantee that a stock 's price would improve yesterday . 
Sales increased 36 % to $ 683 million from $ 502 million . 
The stock traded late yesterday on London 's stock exchange at 673 pence , up 19 pence . 
The firm has said it expects to pay $ 11.5 million overall to settle with states . 
For the past week or so , traders have been expecting India to buy between 150,000 and 200,000 tons of refined sugar , and there have been expectations of a major purchase by Japan . 
Analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole . 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , off 0.53 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0108 . 
Ford 's need to acquire some or all of Jaguar became more acute last week when it abandoned a four-year effort to market its German-built Merkur Scorpio sedan as a European luxury import in the U.S. . 
Westinghouse Electric Corp. , capitalizing on a major restructuring program , expects operating margins of more than 10 % and double-digit per-share earnings growth next year , top officers told securities analysts here . 
Manville itself does n't rule out a restructuring . 
The cancellation bodes poorly for a company already beset with an identity crisis exacerbated by the retirement of general director Beverly Sills and the amazing appointment of Christopher Keene as her successor after his years of feckless toiling in the pit . 
He retains 9,232 shares . 
The number of people receiving regular state benefits in the week ended Sept. 30 decreased to a seasonally adjusted 2,202,000 , or 2.2 % of those covered by unemployment insurance , from 2,205,000 the previous week , when the insured unemployment rate also was 2.2 % . 
The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz. , and the Jaffe family , and a small parcel owned by MGM Grand director James D. Aljian . 
`` We were able to get advertisers to use their promotion budget for this , because they get a chance to do couponing , '' says Ms. Seaman . 
`` It 's very tough for most individuals to out-trade the mutual funds or the market , '' says Mr. Lipper . 
Total Assets plans and designs computer centers , computer security systems and computer backup systems . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
Some people tend to ignore that a 50-point move is less in percentage terms than it was when the stock market was lower . 
New orders for durable goods fell back slightly in September after shooting up the month before , reflecting weakening auto demand after a spurt of orders for new 1990 models , the Commerce Department reported . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
No safety problems with the products are known , the FDA said . 
The machinists are reviewing proposals they made in the past for recapitalizations that would pay a special shareholder dividend and give employees a minority stake . 
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. posted a 15 % rise in third-quarter earnings . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.52 % 30 days ; 8.35 % 60 days ; 8.33 % 90 days ; 8.17 % 120 days ; 8.08 % 150 days ; 8 % 180 days . 
Scandinavian Airlines System ( Sweden ) -- 100 million Swiss francs of 6 1\/8 % bonds due Nov. 24 , 1999 , priced at 100 3\/4 to yield 6.03 % , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Recreation program current interest bonds are due 1990-1995 , and are priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 6.45 % in 1995 . 
Ideologues are the last to surrender , and Germans are an ideological people . 
Last month , program trading accounted for a record 13.8 % of average daily Big Board volume . 
The odd mix of departments in the underlying bill makes it one of the more eclectic of the annual appropriations measures , and it is a lightning rod for a running battle over the fate of the Legal Services Corp . 
The decision to put the entire collection on the block stunned many , since Mr. Dorrance had served as chairman of the Philadelphia Museum of Art , and it had been assumed many of the works would be donated to the institution . 
However , Control Data would continue to provide maintenance services for customers of its Cyber product line . 
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while . 
`` This city already has too many tourists , and it ca n't hold them all , '' says Pierluigi Beggiato , the president of the Venice hoteliers association . 
Echoing the response of almost all big corporations in the Bay Area , Don Waite , Seagate 's chief financial officer , said , `` I would n't expect this to have any significant financial impact . '' 
For eight hours a day for the past two weeks , in aggregates of as much as 27,000 pounds ( equaling $ 20,000 in pennies ) , Coin Wrap has been pouring money into a cement-mixing truck . 
Dealers attributed most of the day 's gains to market-makers moving prices higher , rather than an outbreak of significant buying interest . 
He bought at share prices ranging from $ 9.375 to $ 9.625 . 
Sierra Tucson Cos. , a Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers , has a planned doubling of capacity riding on an IPO scheduled for next week . 
The stock split four-for-one on Oct. 10 . 
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy , to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev 's opponents . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
True , Prince Sihanouk backs the idea of such a coalition , at least for this week . 
ABC 's baseball experience may be of interest to CBS Inc. , which next season takes over the broadcasting of all baseball playoffs in a four-year television contract priced at $ 1.06 billion . 
The articles were largely based on interviews Ms. Malcolm had taped with Jeffrey Masson , a psychoanalyst who had served as projects director of the Freud Archives . 
Malcolm MacDougall , vice chairman of the Jordan , McGrath , Case & Taylor advertising agency in New York , calls the proliferation `` nameplate mania . '' 
Such a pace of growth , though respectable for mature industrialized economies , would be unusually slow for Hong Kong . 
For months the resistance has been defenseless against air attack . 
The Nikkei index fell 58.97 points to 35526.55 . 
Franklin is a closed-end management investment company . 
By late yesterday , both sides appeared prepared to bury the hatchet . 
to help some scavengers or schemers , or help corporate America ? '' 
The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital . 
Outside the white-walled headquarters of the socalled Society of Orange Workers , all seems normal in South Africa 's abnormal society . 
Columbia also has unrealized gains in its public equity securities portfolio of more than $ 70 million . 
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage-discrimination against female employees . 
Failure to win such a determination , however , would lead Comprehensive Care directors to `` consider various alternatives , '' Comprehensive Care said , without elaborating . 
The commission believes that improving AM service would broaden listening selections and increase options for advertisers . 
This phenomenon often makes stock prices swing wildly at the end of the trading session . 
He bought $ 4 billion in prepositioning ships and $ 7 billion in ammo and equipment to fill them , and parked them at a new $ 6 billion base at Diego Garcia in the middle of the Indian Ocean . 
The rumor , which has been neither confirmed nor denied , has China buying 125,000 to 200,000 bales for near-term delivery . 
For the third quarter , operating profit from Carbide 's chemicals and plastics business fell to $ 238 million from $ 352 million a year ago , before accounting for taxes and interest expense . 
As the gain from the sales indicates , operating profit was `` significantly '' below the year-earlier level , Mr. Cawthorn said . 
Should you really own stocks ? 
Brown & Sons Inc . 
Jaguar has been discussing an alliance with GM , but Ford 's move may derail the talks . 
The Democratic-controlled House , by a margin of 51 votes , failed to override President Bush 's veto of legislation renewing federal support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest . 
In another approach , tiny Iverson Technology is trying to resume its growth by braving the new world of commercial products . 
The Supreme Court agreed to decide whether the federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. may require LTV Corp. to reassume funding responsibility for a $ 2.3 billion shortfall in the company 's pension plans . 
Yoshihisa Murasawa , a management consultant for Booz-Allen & Hamilton ( Japan ) Inc. , said his firm will likely be recommending acquisitions of Japanese companies more often to foreign clients in the future . 
`` I see we have about half the audience working for us , '' he said , tongue in cheek . 
The B\/T gene rearrangement test is more accurate than existing tests for diagnosing the type of cancer , whether it has spread or whether there is a recurrence following treatment , said Oncor President Stephen Turner . 
Early in October , six Arab nations in the Persian Gulf jacked up prices sharply . 
NO MORE STUBBED toes or bruised shins , promises Geste Corp. of Goshen , Ind. , the designer of a bed support to replace traditional frames . 
Further consolidations in the industry could follow . 
Here 's a Waltana , '' he exclaims , picking one off a tree . 
Engineers say it will take at least eight months to repair the Embarcadero structure . 
Shares of Varian , which last month warned there would be a fourth-quarter plunge , closed at $ 22.75 , down 62.5 cents in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Perhaps the biggest hurdle owners face is convincing newcomers that this is a reputable business . 
This has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 16 % from their current 15 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say . 
One of Lockheed 's most lucrative sectors -- accounting for more than half the aerospace company 's $ 10.59 billion in sales in 1988 -- the missiles and space group is the prime Pentagon contractor on the Trident II ballistic missile . 
Mr. Carpenter says he will return Kidder to prominence as a great investment bank . 
Muni bond holders are worried about the impact of a slowing economy on tax revenue , at a time when many state and local governments already face budget deficits and huge spending needs . 
Mr. Genova said the committee may meet to propose solutions to the problems identified in the study . 
But July 5 , a thunderstorm in Wilmington , Del. , caused Shellpot Creek to rise 15 feet , pouring 1.3 million gallons of water into basement vaults . 
But Texas Air , the owner of Continental and Eastern airlines , bucked the group 's decline by rising 7\/8 to 14 5\/8 in American Stock Exchange trading . 
( The companion tax-exempt funds add $ 71 billion . ) 
Mr. Shaffer takes primary responsibility for the electronic and technical-services group . 
The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white-collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . 
For one thing , Digital , Maynard , Mass. , has sold fewer machines . 
Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer . 
The only significant commercial banana farmers in the U.S. are in Hawaii . 
Yesterday , even before the resignations were announced , the index dove 32.5 points to close at 2129.4 . 
Canadian manufacturers recorded a 0.8 % decline in August in their backlog of unfilled orders , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
After years of mistrust born of Watergate , past misdeeds of the Central Intelligence Agency , and the Iran-Contra scandal , President Bush and the Senate Intelligence Committee appear ready -- for now , at least -- to trust each other when it comes to setting policy on covert activities . 
Everywhere , Kidder stresses the `` always working '' theme . 
Graham Pimlott , 40 , was named to the new post of chief executive officer of the merchant-banking corporate-finance division . 
The latest period included the gain , which was $ 77 million before tax , from the previously announced sale of the institutional money management business of Lehman Management Co . 
Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery finished at 98 1\/2 , up 4\/32 , and its 10 % issue at 102 3\/8 , up 4\/32 . 
John Stoner , marketing director for True Temper Corp. , a subsidiary of Black & Decker , says people do n't want to move a leaf pile . 
The deportation of more than 315,000 men , women and children by the Bulgarian regime adds up to one of the largest migrations seen in the postwar years . 
The NRC rejected Mr. Shannon 's argument that Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , which owns the largest share of Seabrook , and 11 other owners are financially unable to guarantee the plant 's safe operation . 
Maybe the problem is a political system that wo n't act without an `` exchange of letters , '' that insists on running foreign policy by committee , that treats a president as just another guy at the table . 
Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away . 
Publishing reported operating profit was $ 33.3 million , nearly flat with the year-before $ 33 million . 
The building 's 25 courtrooms will be smaller , says Charlene Saunders , a court administrator . 
These farmers may have a grip on the world 's very heart . 
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . '' 
Compaq said it foresees no difficulties in obtaining parts in the immediate future . 
She now lives with relatives in Alabama . 
Both the MNC and Beneficial offering were underwritten by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market , which was created early this year . 
The benchmark 30-year bond , which traded as high as 102 1\/4 during the day , ended at 101 17\/32 . 
In a prepared statement , GM suggested its plans for Jaguar would be more valuable in the long run than the initial windfalls investors might reap from a hostile Ford bid . 
Some analysts add that third-party pressures to reduce health costs will continue to bedevil companies ' bottom lines . 
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues . 
All Eastern 's previous court efforts to head off the pilots ' demands have failed . 
The commercial was absolutely silent . 
The company earned $ 6.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
A large plant in Covington , Ga. , is to come on line next year . 
Greenville , Miss . 
Miss Gabor recanted her earlier-expressed fear of jailhouse lesbians . 
London prices closed modestly higher in the year 's thinnest turnover , a condition that underscored a lack of conviction ahead of a U.K. balance of payments report Tuesday . 
`` With the repeal of Section 89 , we can no longer say they 're discouraging businesses from offering health plans , '' says Christine Russell , the Chamber of Commerce 's small-business advocate . 
The company said the sale would produce a $ 1.2 billion gain in the fourth quarter . 
Kia is the most aggressive of the Korean Big Three in offering financing . 
And using liquidation value assuming the sale of all UAL assets , First Boston estimated the airline is worth $ 253 to $ 303 a share . 
One Conservative MP , David Wilshire , said : `` I should have a wonderful suntan by Christmas . '' 
The Packwood-Roth proposal would reduce the tax depending on how long an asset was held . 
Edison said the acquired stores would be integrated into its current operations . 
P&G already has shown it can meld some traditional packaged-goods techniques with the image-making of the cosmetics trade in the mass-market end of the business . 
In Canton , Givaudan 's representative office received no orders in June . 
Unisys has said that all of the company officials who participated in improper activities have left the company . 
Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower-than-anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 . 
All of this talk is antithetical to the Tax Reform Act of 1986 . 
Sun posted a gain . 
Redland International Funding PLC ( U.K. parent ) -- 150 million Australian dollars of 15 3\/8 % bonds due Nov. 8 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 15.44 % less full fees , via JP Morgan Securities Ltd . 
Allianz holds a 50 % stake in Navigation Mixte 's insurance interests , acquired three weeks ago . 
Another interesting example is the poison pill adopted recently by Pittsburgh-based National Intergroup Inc. , a diversified holding company . 
The U.S. has six trade promotion offices in Canada . 
But Phillips persisted , calling in scientists from the Salk Institute . 
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy . 
Show it 's business as usual . '' 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose to 7.56 % from 7.51 % Wednesday , while the rate on six-month bills rose to 7.57 % from 7.53 % . 
The year-before loss was $ 8.4 million , or $ 1.36 a common share . 
In anticipation of that shift , he and other analysts are encouraging their clients to buy such issues now . 
And his relative youth could help him project a more vibrant image , contrasting with the perception of Mr. Honecker as an out-of-touch old man . 
In other comments , he said takeovers may not always be the most efficient way of securing a change of corporate direction or strategy . 
Wanted : An investment that 's as simple and secure as a certificate of deposit but offers a return worth getting excited about . 
On average , Mr. Lynford says , it now takes three to 3 1\/2 years to fill new office space , compared with 2 1\/2 years in 1988 . 
British Airways may have begun to have second thoughts about the transaction after the Transportation Department forced Northwest 's Airlines ' new owners to restructure the equity contribution of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines in that carrier . 
Despite the new emphasis on the family trade , however , tourists in search of naughtier fun than gambling seem certain to find it , with Las Vegas call girls remaining on the scene . 
Mr. Shupe is co-author ( with David G. Bromley ) of `` ` Moonies ' in America : Cult , Church , and Crusade '' and `` Strange Gods : The Great American Cult Scare . 
And IBM said it expects the costs to continue climbing . 
`` We do n't want to be known as ambulance chasers , '' says William Garrison , Lake View 's president . 
London Metal Exchange copper inventories fell 550 tons last week to 83,950 tons , a smaller-than-expected decline . 
Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit dropped 17 % , reflecting price declines for certain paper products , operating problems at certain mills , and other factors . 
This city of more than 70,000 is known for sunshine , yachts and rich residents . 
To many , it was a ceremony more befitting a king than a rural judge seated in the isolated foothills of the southern Allegheny Mountains . 
Dollar : 
Underwriters led by PaineWebber Inc. set preliminary pricing for $ 144.4 million of California Health Facilities Financing Authority revenue bonds for Kaiser Permanente . 
Late in the afternoon , several big purchases by Bear , Stearns , particularly a block of 200,000 shares at 2:43 p.m. at $ 150 a share , triggered a buying spree that took UAL up more than 18 points in the final hour of trading . 
In addition to his previous real-estate investment and asset-management duties , Mr. Meador takes responsibility for development and property management . 
GE 's Kidder Peabody unit said it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , while Merrill Lynch said it was halting such trading entirely . 
For example , Nissho Iwai Corp. , one of the biggest Japanese trading houses , now buys almost twice as many goods from China as it sells to that country . 
But Lipper Analytical 's figures show that there were a number of ways investors could have cushioned themselves from the stock market 's gyrations . 
After a tortuous climb , she is rewarded by a picture-postcard vista : a glade of golden aspens under an azure Indian-summer sky . 
A few days after that Sept. 17 game , Mr. Aikman broke a finger , sidelining him for weeks . 
`` I 've heard from friends that state farms are subsidized , '' Mr. Pyszkiewicz says as his wife , Wieslawa , sets some chairs out in the sun . 
Charles Redmond , a NASA spokesman , said the agency discovered the virus on Monday on the collection of computer networks collectively called Internet and expected 100 university centers to be infected by today . 
`` There is no question that the situation is bad , but we may be painting a gloomier picture than we should , '' he said . 
B.A.T Industries may delay part of its defensive restructuring plan , including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units . 
`` Management does n't want surprises , '' notes Jack Zaves , who , as fuel-services director at American Airlines , buys some 2.4 billion gallons of jet fuel a year . 
President Bush told reporters : `` Whether that { the leadership change } reflects a change in East-West relations , I do n't think so . 
GE , along with a division of Ebasco , a subsidiary of Enserch Corp. , have been building the first 250-megawatt phase of the project , which they expect to complete in late 1990 . 
The stock , which finished Monday at 29 1\/2 , traded as high as 29 3\/4 and as low as 28 3\/4 before closing at 29 1\/4 , down 1\/4 . 
The young farmer makes money on the few hogs he sells here . 
Futures prices recovered in quiet trading . 
Earthquake insurance is sold as a separate policy or a specific endorsement `` rider '' on a homeowner 's policy in California , because of the area 's vulnerability to earthquakes . 
Officials in some of these states say they do n't want to simply accept the settlements offered by Drexel . 
Shell 's chemical earnings fell by $ 67 million , to $ 137 million , reflecting lower margins and less demand for commodity chemicals . 
`` We 're taking on more debt than we would have liked to , '' acknowledged Michael Plouf , LIN 's vice president and treasurer . 
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . '' 
Sales slipped 1.3 % to $ 2.82 billion from $ 2.86 billion . 
The turnaround in the dollar fueled bearish sentiment about Japan 's bond market . 
But it marks a big change for the Japanese , who shunned mortgage securities after getting burned by a big downturn in interest rates a few years back . 
An assassin in Colombia killed a federal judge on a Medellin street . 
IBM says it considers its shares a good investment . 
Ocean Drilling said it wo n't hold any shares of the new company after the restructuring . 
Mr. Stein said Woodstream is `` marginally profitable '' but has n't performed as well as expected . 
Fashion industry consultants also question whether the company can make significant strides in its women 's business , given that its customer base is less established and that conservative business dress for women is on the decline . 
Under the new Northeast Utilities plan , it would pay $ 1.65 billion in cash to creditors and assume $ 100 million in pollution control bonds . 
`` The institutions have driven ( commission ) rates down to the point where it makes no sense to commit capital , '' says Tom Gallagher , senior executive vice president in charge of institutional trading at Oppenheimer & Co . 
For example , first-term members of the House , once the most vulnerable of incumbents , have become virtually immune to defeat . 
Despite continuing troubles with problem assets and nonperforming loans , the trust said it expects to be able to maintain or increase the rate of distributions because of operations of joint-venture properties . 
A spokesman for Borden Inc. , the nation 's largest milk producer , concedes Goya may be on to something . 
Meanwhile , Dallas welcomed the move . 
Hyundai Motor Co. of South Korea has its first-ever exhibit in Tokyo . 
Separately , Century Bank , Phoenix , Ariz. , was closed by Arizona banking officials . 
Western European leaders who favor speedy economic and monetary union are adding a new argument to their arsenal : the dizzying political changes under way in Eastern Europe . 
American institutional investors have never had a large appetite for Japanese equities . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.48 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
Ownership , it seems , is the best fertilizer . 
Then , as if to show that he could play fast as well , he offered the second movement from Saint-Saens 's Sonata for Clarinet , a whimsical , puckish tidbit that reflected the flip side of the Stoltzman personality . 
`` They have to continue to tighten their belts , '' said Craig Kloner , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
The tentative agreement calls for 3M to use the 115,000-square-foot plant and 19 acres of land for research laboratories . 
US Sprint said was it will petition the FCC decision in federal court . 
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co . 
Telephone-operations quarterly profit increased 9 % to $ 84 million from $ 77 million , while federal-systems earnings declined 33 % to $ 4 million from $ 6 million . 
The stock closed yesterday on the Big Board at $ 28.75 , down 12.5 cents . 
Aside from Nomura 's injured pride , the biggest victim so far has been the New Zealand government . 
Moscom Corp. said its board approved the repurchase of as many as 300,000 common shares when market conditions are suitable . 
They were 103 or 206 . 
Only 14,505 wells , including 4,900 dry holes , were drilled for oil and natural gas in the U.S. in the first nine months of the year , down 22.4 % from the like 1988 period . 
Mr. Schwartz , the puckish planner from Englewood , Colo. , says that allowing the business to police itself would be `` like putting Dracula in charge of the blood bank . '' 
Mr. Mingo was hospitalized Sept. 23 and died Monday , according to Samuel J. Chisholm , the agency 's president and chief operating officer . 
Time Warner Inc. and Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies , but the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
Although major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business to Japan , not everyone here is ready to give up . 
Eventually , Mr. Green testified , he began ducking out of his office rather than face the judge when he visited . 
It was worth it , just for the look on Albert 's face . '' 
Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner , who earlier fueled the anti-takeover fires with his quasi-xenophobic attacks on foreign investment in U.S. carriers , now says the bill would further disturb the jittery capital markets . 
But the broader truth is more complicated -- and dismaying . 
Out here on the Querecho Plains of New Mexico , however , the mood is more upbeat ; trucks rumble along the dusty roads and burly men in hard hats sweat and swear through the afternoon sun . 
In addition , it 's toying with an approach that would impose health-expenditure ceilings or budgets on the government as a whole and on individual states as a way to slow health-care spending . 
They said they expect the transaction to be completed by Dec. 15 . 
Sens. John Glenn ( D. , Ohio ) , John McCain , ( R. , Ariz. ) and Alan Cranston ( D. , Calif. ) also received substantial contributions from Mr. Keating and sought to intervene on behalf of Lincoln . 
It helps to keep out unions . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
European Investment Bank ( agency ) -- 200 billion lire of 12 % bonds due Nov. 16 , 1995 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 12 % less full fees , via lead manager Banco Commercial Italiana . 
September program trading amounted to 13.8 % of average daily New York Stock Exchange volume of 151.8 million shares , the largest percentage since the exchange began making such figures public in July 1988 . 
Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . 
Mr. Hulings gloats that he sold all his stocks a week before the market plummeted 190 points on Oct. 13 , and he is using the money to help buy a 45-acre horse farm . 
But unlike London , out here I 've never heard anybody blow a car horn in anger . 
Mr. Ty lost control to the government in 1980 when a government bank made emergency loans to the cash-strapped institution . 
When and if the trust runs out of cash -- which seems increasingly likely -- it will need to convert its Manville stock to cash . 
You virtually ignore the tax-reducing power of indexation , which in many cases is more substantial than a lower rate . 
The Soviets have a world-leading space program , the guests noted . 
The insurance adjusters think differently . 
Thus we have a condition that is easily described as undemocratic . 
Sebastian Guzman Cabrera took over the oil workers union , Mexico 's most powerful labor organization , only last January . 
Efforts by the Hong Kong Futures Exchange to introduce a new interest-rate futures contract continue to hit snags , despite the support the proposed instrument enjoys in the colony 's financial community . 
Remaining units will be sold to the underwriters , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Kidder , Peabody & Co. , which will also purchase an over-allotment of 2.3 million additional units . 
But the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort . 
Some gripes about red tape are predictable : Architects complain about a host of building regulations , auto leasing companies about car insurance rules . 
But manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods wo n't be paid until March , April or even May . 
Mr. Tomlin , who left the Navy in 1985 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to related conspiracy , bribery and tax-evasion charges . 
Mr. Iverson says there are 5,000 potential customers for the software in the Washington , D.C. , area alone . 
Often these closings come after vigorous anti-bike lobbying by conservation organizations , the politically potent Sierra Club among them . 
But it would be ironic if Germany 's reunification , just like its division , eventually were the result of actions in centers of power other than Bonn and Berlin . 
The British government , which owned Jaguar until 1984 , still holds a controlling `` golden share '' in the company . 
While Westinghouse has n't had a nuclear power plant order from a U.S. utility in about a decade , excess capacity is beginning to shrink . 
Price talk calls for the reset notes to be priced at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % . 
Here , wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world 's most inhospitable diamond dig , lies the earth 's most precious jewel box . 
The current president and chief operating officer , J. Odell Johnson , was elected to the new position of vice chairman of the board . 
In the year-ago period , Amgen reported net income of $ 320,000 , or two cents a share , on revenue of $ 21.5 million . 
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer . 
It chronicles how , over a period of a dozen years , Southern Methodist University bought its way to football respectability in the Southwest Conference , only to find itself trapped and strangled by the athlete-payoff system it created . 
But since 1981 , Kirk Horse Insurance Inc. of Lexington , Ky. has grabbed a 20 % stake of the market . 
Silicon Graphics , on the other hand , has targeted a specific niche since its inception in 1982 , which has been dubbed by some as `` motion-picture computing . '' 
They closed Friday at $ 53.25 , down 50 cents on the day . 
Added Mark Rogers of Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. : `` It 's much easier to be second . '' 
And it works best in high-powered personal computers . 
Italy 's industrial wholesale sales index rose 13.2 % in June from a year earlier , the state statistical institute Istat said . 
Energy prices continued to fall at the retail level , but economists worried about a big rise in wholesale energy costs . 
`` If we do n't do something ... we wo n't be able to catch up with demand , '' says a Dentsu spokesman . 
Meanwhile , overall evidence on the economy remains fairly clouded . 
On the corporate side , companies claim that monitoring employee phone conversations is both legal and necessary to gauge productivity and ensure good service . 
But David N. McCammon , vice president , finance , insisted that cost-cutting and tight production capacity will make results `` better in this downturn than in prior downturns , '' when Ford had net losses . 
Ads for England are artsy and irreverent . 
The company , which also will omit its second-half dividend , did n't specify the size . 
And there were Senate hearings on the questions in July 1972 . 
In addition , specialists on the exchanges agreed to provide backup capital for market-making in Pacific exchange options traded on the exchanges . 
Mr. Craig and three others were indicted last year as part of that payola probe . 
Mr. Lurie is currently co-chief executive . 
The association spokesman said bus production has declined since January , but could n't offer an explanation for the fall . 
Summarizing data derived from a March 1989 survey of 58,000 households , William Butz , associate director of the Census Bureau , said that `` most groups either stayed the same or improved . '' 
Until then , it 's clear that some of the people who 've been keeping big-city schools down are going to be dealing with the Terminator . 
Among the rules : 
Even if it is assumed that productivity rose no more than half as quickly in the rest of the nonbusiness sector , this Labor Department estimate indicates a downward bias in the real GNP estimates of 0.2 percentage point a year , on average . 
Charles Davidow , of the Washington , D.C.-based law firm Wilmer , Cutler & Pickering , which represents Mr. Boesky in this matter , said only that `` discussions are under way . 
`` Otherwise , the regulators will take it for decadence , and nowadays everything 's got to be pristine . '' 
It invests primarily in tax-exempt municipal securities . 
`` The only response to the challenge being presented to us by the East , '' Mr. Mitterrand told the European Parliament in Strasbourg yesterday , `` is to reinforce and accelerate the union and cohesion of the European Community . '' 
Coupon , paid monthly , is one-month Canadian bankers acceptance rate . 
Brooks Brothers is also remodeling its stores . 
This month , Exxon Corp. announced plans for a 400-day project drilling for gas about five miles underground in the Anadarko Basin of western Oklahoma -- the deepest drilling project in the U.S. . 
`` I 'm not sure what 's going to happen , '' he said . 
Like Lebanon , Israel is being remade by demography . 
He also is close to American Express 's chairman and chief executive officer , James D. Robinson III . 
Conseco Inc. said it is calling for the redemption on Dec. 7 of all the 800,000 remaining shares outstanding of its $ 1.875 Series A convertible preferred stock at $ 26.805 a share . 
Though it 's probably safe to assume that the majority of financial planners are honest and even reasonably competent , the fact remains that , as one wag puts it , `` anybody who can fog a mirror '' can call himself a financial planner . 
Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , former Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos , were charged with embezzling more than $ 100 million from that country and then fraudulently concealing much of the money through purchases of prime real estate in Manhattan . 
Since late 1987 , for example , it has put off a rule dealing with deferred income taxes because of the continuing controversy over the issue . 
Production of cars rose to 801,835 units in September , a 5.5 % increase from a year earlier . 
He was all too aware of how a large , inadequately supervised NSC staff had spun out of control and nearly wrecked President Reagan 's second term . 
We did n't expect BellSouth to be so responsive , '' said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , which holds 500,000 LIN shares . 
The latest financial results at the troubled utility and thrift holding company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect continuing problems at MeraBank and losses in real-estate , venture-capital and uranium-mining operations . 
It is capable of reaching the entire Caribbean area and deep into North America . 
Yesterday 's floor action came as a House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 8.5 billion fiscal 1990 military construction bill , representing a 5 % reduction from last year and making severe cuts from Pentagon requests for installations abroad . 
This year , the nation 's largest steelmaker reactivated its overseas sales operation . 
In Leipzig , more than 500 people met with local party officials to discuss internal changes . 
Mr. Dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter , but said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share . 
Union Chairman F.C . ( Rick ) Dubinsky faces the tough task of explaining why banks refused to finance a buy-out the members approved overwhelmingly last week . 
That compares with 58 % of the similar age group in the 1980 through 1982 surveys and 55 % in the 1972 through 1975 surveys . 
In the year 's first six months , Kurzweil had a loss of $ 6.9 million on sales of $ 11.2 million . 
And in Paris , Mahmoud Vaezi , Iran 's vice minister of foreign affairs , began a five-day visit to discuss such matters as compensation to French enterprises for contracts broken by the Khomeini regime . 
His study showed that junk bonds over time had a cumulative default rate of 34 % . 
Mr. Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation , says Mr. Moss , but increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression , and a scapegoat for his own mismanagement . 
The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it is not a sale and therefore does not trigger costly transfer taxes and reappraisal . 
That raised hopes that interest rates will continue to move lower . 
Occidental Petroleum Corp. holds regular evacuation drills and stocks food , oxygen and non-prescription drugs at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters . 
The surprising discovery of the evening at Fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his now-obscure colleagues , notably Raimondo Boucheron . 
Under the agreement , which had been widely expected , Bell Atlantic would be buying Control Data 's customer base and its approximately 100 U.S. maintenance facilities in about 33 cities . 
U.S. takeover-stock speculators now own an estimated 25 % of Jaguar shares . 
It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more . 
Meanwhile , in another sign that a new bid is n't imminent , it was learned that the UAL board held a telephone meeting Monday to hear an update on the situation , but that a formal board meeting is n't likely to be convened until early next week . 
It runs out frantically now and then , and is clearly pretty distressed . 
The case of Rosa Parks , the black woman who refused to sit at the back of the bus , comes to mind as an illustration . 
CBS hopes to save money by ordering fewer episodes of regular series because sports will fill up a few weeks of prime time . 
Meanwhile , the securities companies -- most of them smaller than the banks -- are seeking access only to limited kinds of banking that would n't open them to the full brunt of competition from the banks . 
Drugs were a major issue in two days of talks between French President Francois Mitterrand and Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez . 
Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver , while low prices are discouraging exports from India and the Soviet Union . 
Many of Nasdaq 's biggest technology stocks were in the forefront of the rally . 
`` If a bid materializes at that price , shareholders will have every reason to be glad , but the question of financing still remains . '' 
And it reminds Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , a market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc. , of what he calls `` DeVoe 's Unprovable but Highly Probable Theory No. 1 : 
Net premiums written through Sept. 30 fell 5 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 2.2 billion a year ago , because of the writing of fewer policies at flat prices , the company said . 
For the PRI to stand a chance , Mr. Salinas has to press on with an economic program that so far has succeeded in lowering inflation and providing moderate economic growth . 
`` This is the first year since transportation deregulation in 1980 that we have had such a dramatic and broad-based upturn in perceived transportation rates , '' said Bernard LaLonde , a transportation logistics professor at Ohio State in Columbus . 
Most analysts had expected a sharper decline after the steep rise in August . 
We will go back and forth with a tilt toward slightly lower yields , '' he said . 
That 's because when Coke looks to the Pacific area , it sees an economic and demographic gold mine . 
City fathers have managed to push through projects that are crucial for tourist growth , such as the expansion of McCarran International Airport to accommodate the 44 % of Las Vegas tourists who fly here . 
Psyllium needs sandy soil , dew during the first few weeks , and then total dryness when its seeds are maturing . 
Boston Co. officials declined to comment on Moody 's action or on the unit 's financial performance this year -- except to deny a published report that outside accountants had discovered evidence of significant accounting errors in the first three quarters ' results . 
Currency concerns also weigh heavily on interest rate-sensitive stocks such as banking and other financial issues because of fears that Japanese interest rates might have to rise to keep the dollar in check . 
THE R.H. MACY & CO . department-store chain is n't for sale . 
Officials at Mellon Capital were unavailable for comment . 
The settlement prices of the December , February and April gold contracts were even with Monday 's final prices . 
He concedes : `` This is the most difficult market that I 've been involved in . '' 
The pilots argued that this triggered a pay raise for them . 
The barometer of the biggest nonfinancial stocks settled at 448.49 , off 1.40 . 
The new round of bidding would seem to complicate the decision making for Judge James Yacos , the bankruptcy judge overseeing the case , because the company 's stockholders , unsecured creditors and regulators each are currently backing different plans . 
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever . 
A Dow Jones spokesman said there were no corporate developments that would account for the activity . 
The combined company would have had 1988 sales of $ 13.1 billion . 
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , lenders and developers poured money into office buildings , condominiums and massive tracts of raw desert land , confident that Arizona 's population would grow at annual rates of 4 % to 6 % for years to come . 
In over-the-counter trading , MGM Grand was bid at $ 17.50 a share . 
Besides creating a vehicle for investors , money market funds also helped rewrite banking regulations . 
The fund invests mainly in gold and silver bullion . 
Already , local Missouri judges have relied on the restored preamble in two separate cases to throw out criminal trespass charges against anti-abortion demonstrators who blocked access to Reproductive Health Services , an abortion clinic in St. Louis . 
His strategy against D.T. was based on a thorough study of dozens of its games , he said , including its notorious whippings of the grandmasters Bent Larsen of Denmark and Robert Byrne of the U.S. . 
The 13-week bills mature Feb. 1 , and the 26-week bills mature May 3 , 1990 . 
More than half of poor families were headed by women living without men , the bureau said . 
Previously , he had served in financial planning positions at the company 's Eastern Airlines unit . 
FADA , which holds problem assets of thrifts that were closed before the bailout legislation was enacted , is being liquidated . 
In practice , it ends up being equated with a `` self-expression '' that encourages the youngsters ' `` self-esteem . '' 
Tele-Communications is HBO 's largest customer , and the two have a number of other business relationships . 
He made numerous trips to the U.S. in the early 1980s , but was n't arrested until 1987 when he showed up as a guest of then-Vice President George Bush at a government function . 
Mr. Carpenter notes that these types of investors also are `` sophisticated '' enough not to complain about Kidder 's aggressive use of program trading . 
Of the big computer makers , only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead . 
At Nissan , `` we felt we wanted to do something to help them gather money , and we had this airtime on Monday Night Football , '' explains Brooke Mitzel , a Nissan advertising creative manager . 
Armed with this shared understanding and requisite background information , each department developed its specialized contribution to the proposal , submitting data and cost estimates on a closely managed schedule . 
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says . 
Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque , N.M. , reported they went so far as to take a `` cold fusion '' experiment and three neutron detectors into a tunnel under 300 feet of granite to shield the detectors from cosmic rays . 
Insurers buy this insurance protection for themselves by giving up a portion of the premiums they collect on a policy to another firm -- a reinsurance company , which , in turn , accepts a portion of any losses resulting from this policy . 
A columnist in the Atlanta Journal and Constitution wrote : `` Who did the research for this report ? 
A recent pro-choice rally in Trenton drew thousands , and in a major reversal , Congress is defying a presidential veto and demanding that Medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of rape and incest . 
Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that it has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as president and chief executive officer and that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , sales and marketing , has been named president and chief executive officer . 
Campbell-Mithun-Esty , for example , has had big problems at its New York office , but offers strong offices in other areas of the country , including Minneapolis and Chicago . 
W.R. Grace & Co. , New York , said its earnings for the third quarter nearly doubled as a result of a $ 114.4 million pre-tax gain from restructuring its energy operations and other adjustments . 
Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar . 
The Bank of England indicated its desire to leave its monetary policy unchanged Friday by declining to raise the official 15 % discount-borrowing rate that it charges discount houses , analysts say . 
Bell Atlantic Corp. and Southern New England Telecommunications posted strong profit gains for the third quarter , while Nynex Corp. , Pacific Telesis Group and U S West Inc. reported earnings declines for the period . 
Mr. Lehman overlooks the fact that the Navy possesses its own air force ( the carrier fleet ) and its own army ( the Marines ) , which in turn has its own air force . 
Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding . 
Yet , while the failed coup is a major U.S. foreign policy embarrassment , it is merely the latest chapter in a byzantine relationship between Mr. Noriega and Washington that stretches back three decades . 
However , since Eastern first filed for Chapter 11 protection March 9 , it has consistently promised to pay creditors 100 cents on the dollar . 
He is now in solo law practice in Washington , but his fees have been meager and he failed in efforts to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book . 
The investment community , however , strongly believes that the strike will be settled before there is any lasting effect on either Boeing or its work force . 
A 20 % stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results . 
Prices of pre-refunded municipal bonds were capped by news that Chemical Securities Inc. , as agent for a customer , will accept bids today for two large lists of bonds that include many such issues . 
`` Portrayal of our members as disloyal to each other is totally contrary to the most important values of our organization -- loyalty and trust . '' 
Wedtech , which became embroiled in political-corruption cases that eventually led to its demise , formerly was a minority-owned South Bronx , N.Y. , defense contractor . 
Well , thousands of Californians on the scene insisted the ammo had been uselessly aimed at a large , hardy UFO , but you will just have to make your own decision about such sightings . 
`` It does n't look nice on the outside while getting mealy inside . '' 
For example , a House-Senate conference ostensibly increased the National Aeronautics and Space Administration budget for construction of facilities to nearly $ 592 million , or more than $ 200 million above what either chamber had previously approved . 
It hinted over the weekend that it would have been interested in a hook-up with Thomson-CSF . 
Nearly 20 years ago , Mr. Morishita , founder and chairman of Aichi Corp. , a finance company , received a 10-month suspended sentence from a Tokyo court for violating a money-lending law and an income tax law . 
When Rune Andersson set out to revive flagging Swedish conglomerate Trelleborg AB in the early 1980s , he spurned the advice of trendy management consultants . 
Leveraged buy-outs may be curbed by two rules in pending congressional legislation . 
Joseph Flom , of Skadden , Arps , Slote , Meagher & Flom , which became a leading legal firm in merger cases , said the case `` made takeovers respectable . '' 
But trade , one of the economy 's main forces in the past few years , showed a sharp deterioration . 
The scheme allegedly cost the post office # 10 million ( $ 16.1 ) in revenue in the past 12 months . 
The Egg King carries written instructions to break only high-grade eggs that have been properly sanitized and , as an added precaution , to use the eggs only in products that will be cooked enough to kill bacteria . 
Smaller liquor companies , such as Brown-Forman Corp. and American Brands Inc. of the U.S. , also are likely to be interested . 
More dual-career couples also are getting help , with men increasingly bringing their working wives for joint counseling . 
It said yesterday that net income for its third quarter soared 72 % to $ 11.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 6.8 million , or 19 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
Moreover , `` it 's a lot cheaper and quicker to buy a plant than to build one . '' 
LIN added 5\/8 to 110 5\/8 and McCaw lost 1\/4 to 41 . 
The state is n't ruling out revoking Drexel 's brokerage license . 
Proceeds will be used to commercialize recently patented technology and support the company 's international expansion . 
Polished hooves , fancy turf , fat purses -- the horse race of the year . 
Fortunately , the quake was over before I managed to run out and stand naked on the hood . 
Exports during the period were $ 7.01 billion , 2.6 % below $ 7.20 billion a year ago . 
The size of the offering was increased from the originally planned $ 250 million ( redemption amount ) . 
Advancers on the Big Board lagged decliners 662 to 829 . 
While many solutions to the nation 's economic troubles are being discussed , the blueprint is attracting widespread attention here because of its comprehensiveness and presumed high-level authorship . 
Supporters of index arbitrage have n't been publicly sticking up for the trading strategy , as some did during the post-crash outcry of 1987 . 
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar . 
Mr. Ireland said current demand for used aircraft is strong , partly because surging orders for new aircraft have lengthened waiting lists . 
An admittedly limited survey by NASAA , whose members are state securities-law regulators , found that between 1986 and 1988 `` fraud and abuse '' by financial planners cost 22,000 investors $ 400 million . 
He contended that the Fed wo n't ease rates further , but predicted Bundesbank officials will relax key rates in West Germany . 
The other came in 1974-75 from the combined shock of world recession and a severe local stock market crash . 
Warehouse clubs typically carry general merchandise and food products , which they sell for close to wholesale prices in no-frills stores . 
Paul DuCharme , director of media services at Grey Advertising , said Meredith is the leader in providing multimedia packages . 
12:06 a.m . 
Dr. Morgan has just emerged from the D.C. jail after more than two years ' confinement for contempt of court , a heroine to her many supporters . 
The current account deficit on France 's balance of payments narrowed to 1.48 billion French francs ( $ 236.8 million ) in August from a revised 2.1 billion francs in July , the Finance Ministry said . 
The company earned $ 18.7 million , or 95 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The scope of the improvement in the U.S. business caught some analysts by surprise . 
The 77-year-old official , who oversaw the building of the Berlin Wall , was removed during a meeting of the 163-member Communist Party Central Committee in East Berlin . 
Speakers yesterday called on foreign governments to increase sanctions against Pretoria and urged supporters inside the country to continue defying emergency restrictions and racial segregation , known as apartheid . 
In 1984 , the Congress ( I ) captured 405 seats , the largest victory in the history of Indian democracy . 
One of the few hints the excess heat might be produced by fusion came from brief remarks by chemist John Bockris of Texas A&M University . 
General Motors Corp. , a Deloitte audit client , for example , has agreed to keep its annual $ 18 million world-wide audit and associated tax work with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm , to be known as Deloitte & Touche in the U.S. . 
`` It 's hard to know if people are responding truthfully . 
According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 
Margins were raised or lowered about a dozen times since the crash Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
`` We 're an investor , '' Mr. Morishita says , sitting back in his purple gallery filled with some 20 Monets and Renoirs . 
Further investigation , he said , may result in further actions against Lincoln 's executives , said Mr. Seidman , `` including fraud actions . '' 
The scientists say that since breast cancer often strikes multiple members of certain families , the gene , when inherited in a damaged form , may predispose women to the cancer . 
This is partly due to the particular demands of the crop . 
Michael Applebaum resigned after less than a year in the posts . 
Generally , it takes five business days to transfer stock and to take the other steps necessary to settle a trade . 
But Brooks declined , figuring that transporting the mucked up money to Washington would cost the company thousands more . 
The Capcom Futures unit withdrew from Board of Trade membership voluntarily in August , a Board of Trade spokesman said . 
This makes enormous sense in Japan , where direct tax accounts for more than 70 % of revenues and the capture rate of direct tax is so unfair . 
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
The initial bond offering by the new government agency , which was created to help rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts , is n't expected to see robust demand . 
The only Afrikaners who would be willing to work for this salary would n't know how to handle money . '' 
Mr. Lortie 's departure , while sudden , was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy . 
In the same sentence he contradicts himself when he reports that the government still retains 40 % of the total equity of the airline . 
The point of this 1955 novel , which spawned two movies , is that the soulless pod people replicated by alien plants are virtually indistinguishable from human folks . 
`` I see a lot of evidence indicating a slower economy , and that means my interest-rate outlook has a downward tilt , '' said Garnett L. Keith Jr. , vice chairman of Prudential Insurance Co. of America , one of the nation 's largest institutional investors . 
Daniel von Bargen is ramrod-stiff but totally assured as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of self-righteousness and patriotism ; Jeff Weiss is fire , brimstone and teary-eyed emotionalism as the far-right senator who serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle ; Zach Grenier is maddeningly officious playing a succession of lawyers ; Joseph Daly has the perfect `` aw , shucks '' demeanor of George Bush in his portrayal of the vice president ; and Ann McDonough is first-rate as a succession of witnesses ' wives . 
They , or at least something less efficient than today 's thin-walled units , may soon be making a comeback . 
She made money , but spent more . 
Now 's the time to make the political case that Presidents need the line-item weapon to restore discipline to the budget . 
Sales in the quarter gained 29 % to $ 410.4 million from $ 317.7 million a year earlier . 
`` Overall demand still is very respectable , '' says Christopher C. Cole , group vice president at Cincinnati Milacron Inc. , the nation 's largest machine tool producer . 
Corporate finance and trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development were `` relatively flat , sometimes choppy , '' the bank said , and profit for the area sank 27 % . 
Computers have made trading more rapid , but that can be fixed with some fine-tuning . 
Yesterday , in heavy , national over-the-counter trading , Lotus shares rose to $ 32.50 , up $ 1.25 apiece , capping a threemonth run-up of more than 40 % . 
Some business analysts blame the problem on tough competition in the insurance market . 
But that changed following a resolution from the Supreme Soviet banning cooperatives from operating in some areas of the economy , and permitting activity in others only if the cooperatives are under contract to the state . 
Mr. Windsor notified Everett E. Briggs , the U.S. ambassador to Panama , of the invitation . 
It largely rested on its hard-to-fault demographics : 10.8 million subscribers in the first half , up from 10.5 million a year ago ; an average age of 42 for readers -- at the height of their consuming years ; loyalty to the tune of an 85 % average subscription renewal rate . 
At a later news conference here , Frank Lorenzo , chairman of Eastern 's parent Texas Air Corp. , said Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors early next year , operating with more service than it originally had scheduled . 
Some 46 % give foreign cars higher quality ratings , down from 50 % two years ago . 
This month , the Food and Drug Administration expressed concern that Americans might someday , in various forms , ingest too much psyllium . 
Created by an artist who flaunts her ignorance of plants and gardens , South Gardens , as now planned , will die from congestive garden design . 
If a strike ever hits the Met , the company can still sell tickets to his `` Boheme '' and `` Turandot '' and boom out recordings ( of another era ) . 
While there have been no reports of similar sudden unexplained deaths among diabetics in the U.S. , Dr. Sobel said the FDA plans to examine Dr. Toseland 's evidence and is considering its own study here . 
Sales dipped 3.6 % to $ 3.92 billion from $ 4.07 billion . 
Mr. Lombardo , the last of the defendants to settle the suit , agreed to pay the government the $ 250,000 within one week . 
Real , aftertax returns from financial assets are on the order of 1 % or 2 % a year . 
A recession or new OPEC blowup could put oil markets right back in the soup . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Not only did Mr. Ortega 's comments come in the midst of what was intended as a showcase for the region , it came as Nicaragua is under special international scrutiny in anticipation of its planned February elections . 
The executive said Paramount and MCA have also held discussions with Chris-Craft Industries ' broadcasting unit , which owns five independent stations in cities such as Los Angeles , San Francisco and Portland , Ore . 
For Switzerland 's most prestigious newspaper , Neue Zuercher Zeitung , Mr. Rey seems destined to remain the `` former Bally raider , '' an image that has proved hard to overcome . 
Instead of flooding the entire economy with liquidity , and thereby increasing the danger of inflation , the Fed could support the stock market directly by buying market averages in the futures market , thus stabilizing the market as a whole . 
The Dedham , Mass. , couple knew even before Bonnie became pregnant in 1987 that any child of theirs had a 50 % chance of being at risk for retinoblastoma , an eye cancer that occurs about once every 20,000 births . 
Today , Lloyd 's share of the world market , excluding life insurance , is about 2 % . 
The names of some of these products do n't suggest the risk involved in buying them , either . 
A friend of mine was in an underground computer center in downtown SF when the quake hit . 
A soluble form of the receptor might turn off a specific part of the immune response without general immune suppression , the company said . 
At GMAC , net dropped 3.1 % to $ 234.5 million from $ 241.9 million . 
Of the 11 components to the index , only three others rose in September : the money supply , the length of the average work week and stock prices . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share . 
One reason : efforts to protect the spotted owl led to restrictions on logging in the Pacific Northwest , constricting supply and forcing prices up . 
`` It 's a bottom-line issue . '' 
In when-issued trading , the notes were quoted at a price to yield 7.78 % . 
But I think we are losing credibility because when the market does this , it does n't present itself as a rational investment . 
But on the West Coast , where profitable oil production is more likely than in the midcontinent region , the Bakersfield , Calif. , office staff of 130 will grow by 175 to 305 . 
Months after railway worker Zacharias Lewala first picked up a diamond from the sand in 1908 , the German colonialists who controlled Namibia proclaimed a wide swath of the desert -- about 200 miles north from the Orange River and 60 miles inland from the Atlantic -- a restricted area , a designation normally reserved for military operations . 
`` Allowing the EPA to condone continued use of a chemical whenever the benefits outweigh the risks is absolutely anathema to the environmental community . '' 
To push through a sales tax increase , however , the state will have to suspend the Gann limit , citing an emergency . 
Most brokers assume that all orders are day orders unless specified otherwise . 
For all of this year 's explosive run-up in stock prices , Renaissance Investment Management Inc. 's computer sat on the sidelines . 
To get a piece of the business , Nike Inc. , Beaverton , Ore. , introduced a line of mountain-bike shoes . 
An example is the biggest offering of them all , Larsen & Toubro 's $ 570 million bond issue . 
The plane failed to reach Molokai 's airport Saturday while on a flight from the neighboring island of Maui . 
Every morning , tractor-trailer trucks arrive at the Natick Ground Station from Boston 's Logan Airport , carrying the day 's package load . 
A handful of small U.S. companies are struggling to develop the technology to build the screens for the thin , high-quality televisions that are expected to hang on living room walls by the end of the 1990s . 
`` It does n't increase benefits , but it 's costly and time-consuming , '' Ms. Fixx says . 
The spokeswoman said the move is n't directly a response to Quotron 's loss of its two biggest customers , Merrill Lynch & Co. and American Express Co. 's Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , to Automated Data Processing Inc. earlier this year . 
With the new service , American will fly 161 flights a week to 17 European cities . 
In an unprecedented step , the measure anticipates another $ 30 million in receipts by having the Federal Bureau of Investigation charge for fingerprint services in civil cases -- a change that is almost certain to increase Pentagon costs in processing personnel and security clearances . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Nov. 24 , 1989 , through Oct. 29 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 31 . 
So after all , even the bitterest critic of rural exclusivity harbors a continuing yearning for those scarce , rural virtues thought to exist amid fields , forests and country lanes . 
The materials , discovered during the past three years , conduct electricity without resistance and promise smaller , faster computers and other new technologies . 
The National Cancer Institute report compares mortality rates of two groups of people between the ages of 35 and 44 a decade apart . 
THE FEDERAL COURT of appeals in Manhattan ruled that the dismissal of a 1980 indictment against former Bank of Crete owner George Koskotas should be reconsidered . 
Nguyen Ngoc seemed an obvious choice when the Vietnamese Writers Association was looking for a new editor to reform its weekly newspaper , Van Nghe . 
American General Finance Corp. -- $ 150 million of 8.45 % notes due Oct. 15 , 2009 , through Bear , Stearns & Co. , being offered at a price of 99.661 to yield 8.50 % . 
The company said it had a net loss in its fourth quarter ended June 30 of $ 36.2 million , or $ 9.33 a share , on revenue of $ 13.1 million . 
John J. Phelan Jr. , chairman of the Big Board , asserts that `` 1988 and 1989 have been two of the least volatile years in the last 30 or 40 years . '' 
`` We 'll continue to work with them , in keeping with the reputation of the company , and we 'll rely very much on their leadership , '' says Mitsubishi Estate President Jotaro Takagi . 
In addition , Moody 's said it downgraded Financiere Credit Suisse-First Boston 's senior and subordinated Swiss debt to single-A-2 from single-A-1 and lowered Financiere CSFB N.V. 's junior subordinated perpetual Eurodebt , guaranteed by Financiere Credit Suisse -- First Boston , to single-A-3 from single-A-2 . 
While premium-brand spirits like Smirnoff vodka and Jack Daniel 's whiskey are riding high in the U.S. , domestic spirits consumption fell 15 % to 141.1 million cases in 1988 from 166 million cases in 1979 . 
Revenue totaled $ 1.01 billion , a 43 % increase from $ 704.4 million , reflecting the company 's acquisition of Emery earlier this year . 
John Spencer Churchill , a nephew of the late Sir Winston Churchill , former prime minister of Great Britain , is n't that impressed with most name-droppers he meets . 
For all that , the piece landed unperformed in a dusty archive after Bologna refused to supply a chorus and orchestra . 
This month 's Friday-the-13th market plunge spurred by UAL news was n't as bad for the Jacobson specialists as yesterday 's action . 
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey -- $ 55.8 million of Series C bonds priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
Since the late 1970s , California property owners have benefited from a tax rollback as a result of a state ballot initiative known as Proposition 13 . 
The Japanese company received orders totaling 12.44 billion yen ( $ 87.9 million ) from its U.S. business activities during the fiscal year ended in March . 
On the other , he seeks to convince voters he 's the new Fiorello LaGuardia -- affable , good-natured and ready to lead New York out of the mess it 's in . 
Headed by a former Waffen SS sergeant and working from a nationalistic platform of anti-foreigner rhetoric , the fledgling Republicans party has scored surprising gains in earlier elections in the states of West Berlin , Hesse and North-Rhine Westphalia . 
The harder he tried to push them into large piles , the closer he came to breaking the rake and straining his back . 
The price of coffee has gone down almost 45 % since the beginning of the year , to the lowest level ( after inflation ) since the Great Depression . 
Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass . 
`` The stock market ai n't going to do much of anything '' for a while , says John Neff of Wellington Management , who runs the $ 8.3 billion Windsor Fund . 
They are , nonetheless , high on Manville 's management . 
Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two-year boom in the industry . 
Noting that Cray does n't have a low-end supercomputer to compete with the likes of Convex Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , Mr. Luber said such a machine would be necessary `` to get things back on line here . '' 
WATCH FOR EARNINGS DISAPPOINTMENTS . 
Sales at Radio Shack stores open more than a year grew only 2 % in the quarter from a year earlier , he said . 
A GOP Senate fund-raising letter from Sen. Burns of Montana is made to appear personally written , and its opening line is , `` Please excuse my handwriting . '' 
Ciba-Geigy and Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught , and Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million . 
For , just as Mr. Giuliani latches on to an issue that has Mr. Dinkins reeling , his campaign desperately needs cash to keep Mr. Ailes 's commercials on the air beyond Wednesday or Thursday . 
In 1986 Congress strengthened the penalty by making it a felony . 
Bankruptcy specialists say Mr. Kravis set a precedent for putting new money in sour LBOs recently when KKR restructured foundering Seaman Furniture , doubling KKR 's equity stake . 
It says 40 % of those surveyed report that 1989 exploration spending will exceed 1988 's . 
A little more care in re-creating Marlowe 's universe would have made the book that much more enjoyable . 
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke . 
To wit , my maiden voyage ( and novitiates are referred to as virgins ) began at dawn on a dew-sodden fairway and ended at noon in a soggy field . 
The company said it estimates the Desert Inn remodeling will cost about $ 32 million , and the refurbishment of the three DC-8-62 aircraft , made by McDonnell Douglas Corp. , will cost around $ 24.5 million . 
For many companies , the instinctive first response is to cut costs . 
Massage also has an image problem to contend with . 
At least once an episode we see protestors marching around screaming slogans . 
Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Union Carbide , RJR Nabisco , American Natural Resources , Boise Cascade Corp. , General Foods Corp. , Houston Natural Gas and FMC Corp . 
The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry-forward . 
But ozone creation is a very large-scale natural process and the importance of human-generated CFCs in reducing it is largely a matter of conjecture . 
The bank , which has loss reserves equal to about half its long-term and medium-term loans to less-developed nations , said it does n't think additional reserves are required . 
For the year ended July 2 , Rally had net income of $ 2.4 million , or 34 cents a share , on revenue of $ 52.9 million . 
Revenue from non-GM accounts was 45 % of EDS 's total business in the latest nine months , compared with 40 % a year earlier . 
Some observers thought that after Friday 's sharp drop , the firms would rein in their program traders to avoid stoking more controversy . 
In February 1989 , when the Soviets said they had completed their pullout , the U.S. cut it further . 
With friends like Mr. Sohmer , do the feminists of Hollywood need enemies ? 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Mr. Fried also is the managing partner of Albert Fried & Co . 
The $ 4 million Monetta Fund , for instance , was the seventh top performing fund for the week , with a 2.65 % return . 
U.S. law requires criminal defendants to turn over foreign documents such as those sought in the Marcos case . 
Sales of long-distance services , an extremely competitive market , rose 6.4 % . 
Bard\/EMS had 1988 sales of about $ 14 million , Birtcher said . 
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said . 
While Southern Co. has been reluctant to discuss the grand jury investigations , Edward L. Addison , chief executive officer , has said the company is prepared to defend its tax and acccounting practices if any charges are brought against it . 
The bill also elevates even minor rule infractions to felonies and provides for recovery of punitive damages in civil lawsuits and arbitration cases without any showing of willful misconduct . 
It is a competence and expertise that some brokers themselves , overwhelmed by all the new things being dreamed up for them to peddle , do n't feel . 
Sandra Swift Parrino 
The subject will be written into the plots of prime-time shows , and viewers will be given a 900 number to call . 
That was his reward for working until 11 p.m. seven days a week to cover his $ 3,000 a month rent . 
It said that expanding nuclear-power capability is the quickest way to lessen that dependence . 
A 20-story mesh spire will stand atop 50 stories of commercial space . 
But traders who risk money handling big blocks of stock were shaken . 
But in recent years , Mr. Ingersoll began focusing more on expanding his own newspaper empire in partnership with investment banking firm Warburg , Pincus & Co . 
With the gyrations of recent days , says Hugo Quackenbush , senior vice president at Charles Schwab , many small investors are absolutely convinced that `` they should n't play in the stock market . '' 
`` The time has passed for us to spin off steel , '' either in a public offering or to a buyer , one executive contends . 
The battery packs have enough power for only three hours , but that gave emergency crews time to turn on an emergency system that runs primarily on diesel fuel . 
Adults under age 30 like sports cars , luxury cars , convertibles and imports far more than their elders do . 
Hess 's earnings were up despite a $ 30 million charge to cover the cost of maintaining operations after Hurricane Hugo heavily damaged the company 's refinery at St. Croix . 
Yet his co-defendant in the case -- also a former military officer by the name of Oliver North -- has been busily and profitably burnishing his involvement in the affair . 
This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . 
The TW prospectus says that if the acquisition had been completed earlier , pretax earnings `` would have been insufficient to cover its fixed charges , including interest on debt securities , '' by approximately $ 62.7 million in the first six months of 1989 . 
Paintings are just part of the picture . 
The Federal Communications Commission allowed American Telephone & Telegraph Co. to continue offering discount phone services for large-business customers and said it would soon re-examine its regulation of the long-distance market . 
`` There will still be deals , '' argues Mr. Connolly . 
Mr. Roman appears custom-made for the American Express job . 
Perhaps the shock would have been less if they 'd fixed to another low-tax , deregulated , supply-side economy . 
People have been very respectful of each other . 
The index is intended to measure future economic performance . 
And Seita is considering further diversification . 
`` We continue to be on target for ... increasing TPA sales 20 % to 25 % this year , '' said founder and Chief Executive Officer Robert Swanson . 
Among legislative provisions attached to the bill is a ban on any Treasury Department expenditure for enforcement of a 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans . 
On Tuesday , the Tokyo stock price index of all first section issues was down 6.31 at 2681.22 . 
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen . 
The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals . 
The family license plate reads `` ENG 23 , '' the first three letters of the family name and -- no surprise here -- Bobby Thomson 's uniform number . 
At 18,000 feet , he says , he and his co-pilot `` were looking for an interstate or a cornfield '' to land . 
And why not ? 
But investors are betting that the financial and psychological impact of the earthquake , coming so soon after the hurricane , will help stem more than two years of intense price-cutting wars among business insurers . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 41.60 to 2645.08 even though some late selling caused the market to retreat from session highs . 
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two-year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York . 
One of the group 's first projects is a `` procrastination hot line '' that students could call when they have an urge to delay studying . 
The 51-48 roll call fell well short of the two-thirds majority needed to approve changes to the Constitution . 
`` We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , '' said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . 
But most U.S. insurers have n't rushed to change the way they do business in Europe because they believe the European market will still be dominated by a handful of domestic companies . 
The adjustments result from the recently passed thrift-industry bailout legislation , which requires thrifts to divest all high-yield bond investments by 1994 . 
It was my decision , not anyone else 's . '' 
The apparent crash became top secret , and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings . 
It was a nightmare , '' says Susan Noble , an investment manager at Robert Fleming Holdings Ltd. 's International Investment Management unit in London . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
The discount rate on six-month Treasury bills fell slightly to 7.60 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.99 % . 
Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus division also provides specifications . 
While the two are among the world 's biggest advertisers , most makers of upscale cosmetics spend relatively little on national ads . 
They include : 
But in 1986 Congress sharply reduced the number of people who could qualify for its benefits and IRA tax-deductions slowed their roaring growth . 
As usual , her sin was saying what she thought . 
`` This suggests the bailout law is having a more dramatic effect than anyone would have imagined so soon . '' 
`` To me it says that despite all the views that we spend too much of our wealth on paper assets , we have ways of holding wealth similar to 100 years ago . '' 
The restructuring calls for a 24 % reduction in its work force over the next two months , affecting about 525 jobs , Cipher Data said . 
And indeed , as he later reported , that was the import of the meeting . 
An investment in Chile 's telephone company is carried at US$ 300 million but really worth US$ 500 million , and the company 's property portfolio is undervalued by at least A$ 250 million , Mr. Bond said . 
The S&L bailout could cost $ 300 billion , computing interest on the government 's loans . 
Of the 4,346 issues that changed hands , 1,435 rose and 629 fell . 
Scientists also are exploring memory and perception with the new machines . 
Given current headlines about the University of Florida , it may not be the last . 
It is as though the land knows of its own beauty , of its own greatness , and feels no need to shout it . 
As directed by the board , NASA completed the evaluation and again chose CSC . 
When Christie 's officials asked why the firm was n't picked to sell the Dorrance collection , representatives of the Dorrance family `` told us it was a question of financial considerations , '' said Michael Findlay , Christie 's head of impressionist and modern paintings . 
My universe has changed . 
Dominion Textile Inc. holders adopted a shareholder-rights plan at the annual meeting . 
Marsh & McLennan advanced 3 1\/8 to 75 7\/8 , Alexander & Alexander Services climbed 2 to 32 and Corroon & Black firmed 1 7\/8 to 37 1\/2 . 
Racial gerrymandering has been a familiar policy in New York City since 1970 , when Congress first amended the Voting Rights Act to expand its reach beyond the Southern states . 
Researchers in Belgium said they have developed a genetic engineering technique for creating hybrid plants for a number of crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice . 
Rand Corp. researchers Linda Waite and Frances Goldscheider analyzed a large sample of married women with at least one child at home between the ages of six and 18 . 
When he was through , the court members asked many questions , then the chairman said they would like to hear his manager 's side and talk to witnesses . 
All anyone need do is hang up a shingle and start planning . 
Shops represented by the Automotive Service Industry Association and the Motor Equipment Manufacturers Association oppose any increase in warranty length . 
Cantor provides price quotes to Telerate Systems Inc. , a widely used electronic system . 
The Fed would eliminate the cause of the potential panic rather than attempting to treat the symptom -- the liquidity of the banks . 
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by BT Securities , a subsidiary of Bankers Trust New York Corp . 
The provision rate was far above BankAmerica 's actual net credit losses of $ 24 million in the third quarter , compared with $ 18 million in the second period and $ 38 million a year earlier . 
But the worriers remain unconvinced . 
Morrison Knudsen Corp. posted third-quarter net income of $ 7.9 million , or 69 cents a share , continuing a rebound from steep year-ago losses . 
Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981 , when he was 13 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $ 10 million . 
Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money to a meeting of the bank 's directors . 
The fuel-efficient Airbus planes will be used largely to replace Cathay 's aging fleet of Lockheed Tristars for regional flights , while the Boeing aircraft will be used on long-haul routes to Europe and North America . 
If there is n't , { the deal } wo n't be put forward '' to shareholders . 
As it now stands , the U.S. can bomb Tripoli , but ca n't `` assassinate '' Colonel Gadhafi . 
The appointments are part of a planned succession at the company . 
Perhaps an arrangement could be worked out to `` sponsor '' El Espectador journalists and staff by paying for added security in exchange for exclusive stories . 
Mr. Phelan said that the Big Board has been trying to deal quietly with the issue , but that banning computer-assisted trading strategies entirely , as some investors want , would be like `` taking everybody out of an automobile and making them ride a horse . '' 
The settlement stems from charges that Better Book , now defunct , made misrepresentations in selling advertising for the directories and memberships in the bureau from 1984 to 1986 . 
As recently as August , the company said it did n't foresee a need for substantial additions to reserves . 
And the number of rigs active in the U.S. is inching up . 
erembal , the second-largest maker of food cans in France , had 1988 sales of $ 150 million . 
At Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , the leading underwriter of junk bonds , `` I was prepared to be in a very bad mood tonight , '' said David Feinman , a junk bond trader . 
The price was 3.6 billion yen ( $ 25 million ) . 
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury . 
That conference , which began yesterday , was expected to cover such matters as police training and extradition agreements , Spanish officials said . 
What is pertinent is the calmness of that beauty , its sense of restraint . 
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % . 
A GM spokesman yesterday reiterated the company 's interest in acquiring a minority stake to help Jaguar remain independent . 
The third part , consisting of $ 18.5 million of 12 1\/8 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1996 , was priced at 85.60 with a yield to maturity of 15.75 % . 
Prudential-Bache Securities analyst Leslie Steppel said reduced labor costs helped boost margins , although she doubted `` that kind of performance is sustainable . '' 
Hitachi Zosen Corp. , a shipbuilder buried in debt just a few years ago , will build a machinery plant , its first expansion in 14 years . 
Dealers said the market gained some late steam on a flurry of buying by market-makers looking at blue-chip issues and stocks viewed as oversold during the market 's recent downtrend . 
According to the suit , Mr. Peterson has yet to return the plaintiffs ' investment . 
Interstate\/Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300-member staff . 
A spot honoring Bill White , the inventor of chewing gum , shows a woman trying to extricate her high-heeled shoe from a wad of gum . 
Today , we know that the accumulation of several of these altered genes can initiate a cancer and , then , propel it into a deadly state . '' 
By starving the peasant , the Communists have starved Poland . 
The movie , he says , is in its post-production stages of `` cleaning up the film . '' 
Congress has decided to raise $ 40 million by charging companies $ 20,000 for the honor of filing the required papers under the Hart-Scott-Rodino law . 
But in the case of the Nimitz Freeway , the lack of such support caused the core of the columns to crumble and buckle under the weight of the second deck , crushing motorists who were lined up in bumper-to-bumper rush-hour traffic on the lower deck nearly 15 feet below . 
Most of the evening , though , is filled with rare and welcome wit . 
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans . 
Oranjemund , the mine headquarters , is a lonely corporate oasis of 9,000 residents . 
`` The '86 act was a fluke . 
Firms are permitted wide flexibility in the child-care arrangements they provide . 
After that , the federal share diminishes . 
He added , `` We do n't intend to be drawn into it , '' noting that TCI wo n't play any active role in the management of Showtime . 
`` The stock was going no place and the earnings were so-so , '' said one . 
For Ms. Johnson , dealing with the earthquake has been more than just a work experience . 
a - reflects 2-for-1 stock split effective Dec. 30 , 1988 . 
Amex short interest climbed 3 % to 53,496,665 shares from 51,911,566 shares . 
Companies that actually market speed as part of their service train their managers to lead and participate in teams that increase speed and improve quality in everyday operations . 
She thought I was n't getting my practicing done . '' 
This may help explain why small businesses create 65 % of all jobs nationally , but only 22 % of jobs in a crime-ridden city like New York . 
Yesterday , U S West shares rose 75 cents to close at $ 71.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The company will charge $ 35 for a test and projects about $ 2 million in revenue from the test during the first 12 months of marketing , he said . 
Mark Johnson , the producer of `` Rainman , '' chimes in : `` He has a great ability to hire terrific people and delegate authority ... . 
`` When the country gets wealthier , we tend to buy high-quality imports , '' Mr. Owen said . 
Floor traders also said that the market could have been helped by rumors , which have been circulating for the past two days , about China purchasing cotton . 
The index rose 1.1 % in the second quarter . 
Banking stocks were the major gainers Monday amid hope that interest rates have peaked , as Deutsche Bank and Dresdner Bank added 4 marks each to 664 marks ( $ 357 ) and 326 marks , respectively . 
And in the past , Congress has viewed monitoring as an issue best handled in union negotiations . 
Mr. Kageyama suggests that Kotobuki Electronics Industries workers were having difficulty understanding their foreign bosses ' perspective . 
My response was that sports rarely are important , only diverting , and the quake merely highlighted that fact . 
The story of a playwright 's stage debut unfolds in first-person monologues , in the manner of Faulkner 's `` The Sound and the Fury . '' 
B.A.T Industries , the most active Amex issue , rose 3\/8 to 12 3\/8 . 
Democrats counter that the Republicans have often used the same rules to suit their own ends . 
Even if a grower beats them back , his $ 2,000 rented bees might buzz off to the neighbors ' orchards instead of pollinating his , Mr. Broderick says . 
He says that the Chinese never asked him to convey their statements to President Bush , but that the White House spontaneously invited him to do so . 
On Oct. 3 , following conversations with Secretary of State James Baker , Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze arrived in Managua to acclaim `` Nicaragua 's great peace efforts . '' 
Last April , Mr. Drabinsky and a group of financial backers planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex for C$ 17.50 a share from Bronfman associates . 
An estimated $ 33 million was added for university and science grants , including $ 1.5 million for Smith College . 
`` On days that I 'm really busy , '' says Ms. Foster , who works in public relations for the company , `` it seems decadent to take time off for a massage . '' 
Richard Breeden had n't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone . 
However , Bond Corp. said the tax benefits remain available and might be used later . 
Tentative reoffering yields were set from 6.25 % in 1993 to 7.227 % in 2018 . 
The first model available will be the 210 , which is likely to appeal to many technical and scientific buyers interested in the optional super-charger , or vector processor , says Terry Shannon of International Data Corp. , a market research concern . 
It would inevitably lead to an increase in marginal income-tax rates in 1990 , he thinks , when the White House is forced to ask for higher taxes to meet budget targets . 
Because wholesale energy prices shot up by a steep 6.5 % last month , many analysts expected energy prices to rise at the consumer level too . 
`` There 's pretty good evidence that utilization management has reduced inappropriate hospitalization , '' he said . 
`` They are growing more pragmatic about their role . '' 
When Lincoln was seized by the government , for example , 15 % of its loans , or $ 250 million , were to borrowers who were buying real estate from one of American Continental 's 50 other subsidiaries , according to Mr. Seidman . 
A `` concerning '' item the analyst cited was the 10 % jump in expenses , which the bank attributes to costs of expanding both its consumer credit-card operations and its overseas branch business . 
Nothing in the annals of tuition readied parents for the 1980s . 
But Mr. Breeden already has shown an eagerness to run the SEC his way . 
Days later , the thieves returned and dug out more , this time adding insult to injury . 
Which brings up the worst and meanest ghost of all -- the ghost of the shah of Iran . 
The current contract pays the NFL $ 1.4 billion . 
And Mr. Kleinaitis says that with 80 % of its stock in friendly hands , Manville is the rare publicly traded company that can ignore short-term stock fluctuations and plan for the long haul . 
Government entities , continues Mr. Ruvolo , could be protected by the California Government Tort Liability Act . 
Several months ago , it also added black health and beauty aids displays to many stores , a spokeswoman said . 
Although poison pills come in different colors and shapes , they usually give current shareholders the right to buy more stock of their corporation at a large discount if certain events occur -- typically , if a hostile bidder acquires more than a specified percentage of the corporation 's stock . 
Earthquake insurance typically runs $ 200 or more a year for a small house . 
`` The { buy-out } consortium ceased to exist because our American partners were not capable of organizing the financing , '' a British Air spokesman said . 
`` I thought the probabilities of { a bidding war } happening were less , '' he says . 
`` But I 'm not one of these great dollar bears you see more of these days , '' Mr. Zapfel said . 
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer . 
Last March , this newspaper reported on widespread allegations that the company misled many customers into purchasing more credit-data services than needed . 
The ministry inquired about that deal -- which Mr. Utsumi declined to identify -- because the large presence of Japanese banks in the deal was `` being strongly criticized in the U.S. Congress '' and it was `` necessary for us to grasp the situation . '' 
Mr. Sherman is former deputy general counsel for SmithKline Beckman Corp. , in Philadelphia , now SmithKline Beecham PLC , in London . 
Joe Mack , a district manager for Cormack Enterprises Inc. , a Burger King operator in Omaha , Neb. , says discounting is so prevalent that `` we have to serve 15 % to 20 % more customers '' to keep sales level . 
And investors and traders alike say the current turmoil could take years to resolve . 
He was later shown on television , fielding questions . 
Strong farmer selling over the weekend also weighed on prices . 
Mr. Semel , in his affidavit , does n't mention any hugging or congratulating . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) said yesterday on NBC-TV 's `` Meet the Press '' that Mr. Ortega 's threat was `` a very unwise move , particularly the timing of it . '' 
Mr. Spielvogel said he hopes Mr. Achenbaum will do some strategic consulting at the agency for `` non-clients , in hopes that they become clients . '' 
When acquired in May 1988 by British retailer Marks & Spencer PLC , Brooks Brothers ' annual operating profit was about $ 41.8 million on sales of $ 290.1 million . 
The situation will be especially delicate for Mr. Kimbrough . 
The percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year , while the coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year . 
More banks are being hurt by Arizona 's worsening real-estate slump . 
John B. Foy was named senior vice president and remains responsible for the individual policy services department . 
Mr. Spiegelman is professor of English at Southern Methodist University and editor of the Southwest Review . 
Honda Motor Co. shows a more conventional five-cylinder engine in the new Accord Inspire model , which made its debut just this month -- in Japan only . 
The idea of a child-as-required-yuppie-possession must be motivating them , since the wealthy offspring of their friends are shown to be rude brats , in therapy by age five . 
Neither the Quilted Giraffe nor the Paul Stuart renovation reflects much of Mr. McDonough 's environmental concern . 
`` It 's just not true , '' he says . 
Book value per share , which is based on investments at cost , was a negative $ 6.69 a share . 
President Bush does n't have any provision in mind , but line-item-veto bait will be like earthworms at midnight in the coming Continuing Resolution . 
Since then , UAL stock has fallen 33 % in what may rank as the largest collapse of a takeover stock ever . 
When notoriously independent-minded Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier rejected Paribas 's offer and began buying Paribas shares in retaliation , Mr. Francois-Poncet said , he felt obliged to bid for control . 
They have about seven candidates . 
And Bobby Thomson was made a legend . 
They said the problems are n't safety related . 
Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their `` brains '' appear on the market sometime next year . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans , the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion . 
Specifications include a polished bronze sculpture at the center of each showroom and a tile bridge spanning a stream that flows into the building from outside . 
Does the candidate favor parental consent for teen-age abortions ? 
The Justice Department took steps that could restrict the use by prosecutors of criminal racketeering charges against white-collar defendants . 
Revenue in the latest quarter fell 17 % to $ 44 million from $ 53.2 million , the company said , reflecting poor utilization of the company 's facilities and its behavioral medicine contracts . 
The earnings drop had been expected . 
Japanese involvement in American publishing has been so small to date that magazines such as Business Tokyo are considered groundbreakers . 
The deal , which will involve an initial $ 20 million investment , was struck with a handshake , he added . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it won a $ 27 million contract from Stuart-James Co. , a Denver investment banking concern , to provide voice and data telecommunications services . 
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS : 
He signed up for intelligence and counter-intelligence training under American officers at Fort Gulick in Panama in July 1967 , according to a copy of a 1983 resume with details Mr. Noriega has since classified as secret . 
Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Mr. Breeden from working on the thrift-bailout bill , and the relationship generally remains warm . 
A potentially safer whooping cough vaccine made by novel genetic engineering techniques was described by a team of Italian , U.S. and Japanese scientists . 
Last week , the strategy of playing the two experts off each other blew up : Mr. Lawson quit in exasperation and Sir Alan Walters , the adviser , announced his resignation within an hour . 
Says director George Miller ( `` Mad Max '' ) : `` I think the Tokyo festival may become known as a major attraction for young directors because of the money as well as the recognition . '' 
The pilots ' Mr. Dubinsky says his union would like majority ownership for employees . 
As they did when the Philippines was a colony of the U.S. , teachers for the most part teach in English , even though it is a foreign language for most Philippine children . 
The company 's I.W. Harper brand is the leading bourbon in Japan , with 40 % of the market . 
`` He 's wise , he 's good and I know he 's an honest man , '' the Texan says . 
`` On the way home , '' his notes recall , `` it took concentrated effort to keep that car pointed south . 
`` The kind of instant liquidity that is implied by index futures is that you can buy a portfolio over two years and get out in one day . 
Yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average did a now familiar dance : It plunged 60.25 points before lunch , with most of the drop occurring in 25 minutes . 
With airline deals in a tailspin , legendary Wall Street trader Michael Steinhardt could have trouble parachuting out of USAir Group , traders say . 
`` We 're delivering a check for $ 750,000 to an automotive business in Berkeley that burned on Tuesday . '' 
Private-sector leaders praised the Conasupo restructuring . 
The changes in the office layout illustrate Mr. Breeden 's stance as the nation 's top securities regulator . 
Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished the company 's and Mr. Lortie 's reputations . 
They talked of the aftermath . 
`` You know , '' she says , `` stereotypical stuff like armadillos , cowboys and football . '' 
Japan 's objections to the U.S. plan center around its desire to stay self-sufficient in rice , a staple food , even though foreign producers are far more efficient . 
The man-made inferno will tower over a man-made lagoon with more than four acres of pools , grottoes and waterfalls . 
When the swaying of the building woke me up , I reasoned that a ) I was in Southern California ; b ) the bed was moving ; c ) it must be a Magic Fingers bed that had short-circuited . 
In the ratings compiled by the A.C. Nielsen Co. , ABC , which broadcast the World Series , topped the competition with a 14.8 rating and 25 share . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The company has retained J. Henry Schroder Wagg & Co. as financial adviser and agent for the sale . 
Mr. Daly in his affidavit acknowledges that Warner agreed to release the producers last year to take over MGM but says that situation was altogether different . 
The British Petroleum Co. PLC said its BP Exploration unit has produced the first oil from its Don oilfield in the North Sea . 
Still , some sectors found buying interest after being actively sold in recent weeks . 
Anatol Pawlowski 's leg begins jiggling beneath his desk . 
But the brand had trouble from the start . 
Counting all state and federal benefit programs , the number of people receiving unemployment benefits in the week ended Oct. 7 fell to 1,784,400 from 1,810,700 a week earlier . 
Only two of 111 transplants have been rejected . 
For any given move in the overall market , it suggests how steeply that particular issue might rise or fall . 
Every issue is multisided . 
`` The U.S. underestimated Noriega all along , '' says Ambler Moss , a former Ambassador to Panama . 
One day after Delmed Inc. made top management changes and disclosed the end of an important business tie , its stock did n't trade and the company forecast a `` significant '' drop next year in sales of its core product . 
BRIEFS : 
Companies and financial institutions familiar with Hong Kong remain wary of trading in its futures market . 
But under Jerry Perry 's direction the current Steppenwolf production , scheduled to play through Nov. 19 , breaks through the flat and boring ritual that `` The Homecoming '' had become . 
Please make me and thousands of other readers more comfortable with our daily purchase of your newspaper by raising your environmental standards to your overall impeccable quality levels , and increase your use of recycled paper . 
One of the hotels , to be called the Sheraton Moscow , will have 450 rooms and will cost an estimated $ 75 million to build . 
Mr. Evans told the board he needed the weekend to think about it . 
The increase of $ 1.25 a share is being made to settle shareholder litigation relating to SIBV-MS 's tender offer . 
Indeed , Winnebago said it started `` several promotional programs '' to spur retail sales in the fall and winter . 
The comptroller 's office says it is `` monitoring the situation . '' 
As a result , UAL 's chairman , Stephen M. Wolf , pulled out of the buy-out effort to focus on running the company . 
Meritor has headed the list since May . 
By 1982 the ratio was 43.5 % , meaning that the market was valuing every dollar 's worth of the average firm 's assets at 43 cents . 
That 's what happened yesterday . 
If anyone has difficulty imagining a world in which history went merrily on without us , Mr. Gould sketches several . 
`` This is the heyday of debt , '' says James Grant , editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , a newsletter . 
Art dealers say that while auction houses occasionally guarantee the seller of a highly desirable work of art a minimum price , a financial commitment of this size is unprecedented . 
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % , or about 153 million , of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase . 
`` Ron Brierley clearly views our company as a good investment , '' a Vickers spokesman said . 
In the last hour of the trading day , December contract took a tumble to end the session 10 cents lower at $ 19.62 a barrel . 
Even suburban Prince George 's County , Md. , reported last week there have been a record 96 killings there this year , most of them drug-related . 
Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has annual sales of about $ 1.18 billion , and has economies of scale and lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong 's brands , sold under the Armstrong and Evans-Black names . 
It took effect after seven years of bitter debate between the Securities and Exchange Commission and traders and exchanges . 
But the company said the amount ca n't be determined until it knows how many managers opt to retire . 
`` We are not in any hurry to sell '' Saks , Marshall Field or B.A.T 's other U.S. retail properties , said Chairman Patrick Sheehy . 
Officials said South Korean exports to Europe dropped 5.3 % to $ 3.02 billion while imports from there went up 17 % to $ 2.61 billion . 
One was that , despite his 62 regular-season wins over the past three seasons in the Land Beyond the Late News , he has been overshadowed by his more-muscular mates and missed out on prizes that might have been his due . 
`` But they wanted to roll the dice and we 're going to let them , '' Mr. Hartt said . 
Still , the directors said , `` Having fully considered all aspects of the company 's state of affairs and future cash flows , the directors confirm absolutely that the company is solvent . '' 
As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : Release all political prisoners unconditionally ; lift all bans and restrictions on individuals and organizations ; remove all troops from the black townships ; end the state of emergency , and cease all political trials and political executions . 
But the oil ministers continue to study the plan , and it will probably be the basis for discussion at next month 's meeting . 
Leading the assault against the Egg King has been United Egg Producers . 
Since Tuesday , the shares have gained nearly 4 % . 
Among major domestic agencies , the Environmental Protection Agency stands to receive increases significantly beyond those sought by the administration , with pollution abatement and control accounts growing by 14 % to about $ 829.9 million . 
As a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer lingerie division , Oscar de la Renta , since its inception in 1988 . 
The only reason that Somalia remains in obscurity is numbers : a sparsely populated wasteland of 8.5 million people spread out over an expanse nearly the size of Texas . 
In other words , environmentalism has created a whole set of vested interests that fare better when there are many problems than when there are few . 
`` They 're anticipating further declines in rates and they 're going to get them , slowly , '' said Walter Frank , chief economist for the Donoghue Organization , publisher of Money Fund Report . 
CBS held the previous record for consecutive No. 1 victories -- 46 weeks -- during the 1962-63 season . 
I do n't know if this would have happened somewhere else . '' 
Mr. Booker , executive director of Ford 's Latin America Automotive Operations since December 1988 , was named vice president of Ford Asia-Pacific . 
That 's because it reduces the cost of the stock by the amount of premium received from the sale of the call . 
They note that when an unexpectedly sharp widening in the U.S. trade gap in August was reported earlier this month , hopes for a sustained narrowing of the trade deficit were dashed and sentiment gripped the market that the U.S. economy was losing its momentum . 
When bank financing for the buy-out collapsed last week , so did UAL 's stock . 
He also denounced Moscow 's nine-year involvement in the war in Afghanistan , saying it involved `` gross violations of ... civil norms and ethics . '' 
In the past , the government controlled the markets indirectly , through its tight grip on industry itself . 
Shareholders of Noxell , of Hunt Valley , Md. , will vote on the merger at a special meeting on Nov. 30 , the companies said . 
`` Ken was my key contact , '' said J. Nicholas Hahn , president and chief executive officer of Cotton Inc. , which represents cotton producers . 
Carriers could use their equipment more efficiently , leading to overcapacity they were eager to fill . 
Refcorp is the financing unit of Resolution Trust Corp. , a new government agency created to rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts . 
For the Tories to win the next election , voters will need to sense economic improvement for about a year beforehand . 
He notes that industry executives have until now worried that they would face a severe shortage of programs once consumers begin replacing their TV sets with HDTVs . 
Mr. Wachter , who became his principal adviser , searched galleries in London , Paris and Monaco . 
Some economists -- and many Japanese companies -- are puzzled by the warnings . 
The key to the creation of the `` organic '' state lay in the formation of `` natural '' groups that would undertake the role of decision-making . 
The index finished 2.4 % under its close of 2233.9 the previous Friday , although it recouped some of the sharp losses staged early last week on the back of Wall Street 's fall . 
Johnson & Johnson reported a 10 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 12 % sales increase - results that were driven particularly by new products including pharmaceuticals and the company 's professional operations . 
The amount covers taxes , interest and penalties owed from 1966 , when the state began collecting corporate taxes , to 1985 . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) was confident he had enough votes to block the maneuver on procedural grounds , perhaps as soon as today . 
Child 's Game 
The prospectus also notes that the securities are not guaranteed by any government agency . 
If MGM Grand Inc. proceeds with its plan for an amusement park -- a $ 700 million movieland resort with a working studio , casino and 5,000-room hotel that would become Las Vegas 's biggest -- the investment in the three properties will total some $ 1.6 billion . 
In the August proxy material , Avery said that unless it sold Uniroyal , its ability to service debt would be hurt and Avery 's shareholder value would `` continue to erode . '' 
`` We saw good buying in Japan and excellent buying in London , '' said Jay Goldinger , market strategist and trader at Capital Insight Inc. , Beverly Hills , Calif . 
`` Invariably , '' he says , `` eyewitnesses are untrustworthy . '' 
They use 60 % more fertilizer per acre , twice the high-grade feed . 
The states have their own ideas about regulation and certification . 
The study , by Susan Devesa , William Blot and Joseph Fraumeni of the institute 's staff , also shows that the incidence of lung cancer as well as the death rate declined over the decade for all groups in the 35-44 age bracket , except black men . 
In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million . 
Corporate Issues 
`` Japan is perceived as a wealthy nation that can turn elsewhere in the world market and buy the sugar , '' the analyst said . 
Hector Castaneda Jimenez , chief prosecutor at the Attorney General 's Office , said that an estimated $ 82.8 million in government property and unpaid taxes have been recovered in the campaign to root out official corruption . 
Because brand loyalty is weak and most cosmetics purchases are unplanned , careful training of store sales staffs by cosmetics companies is important . 
Nonetheless , the $ 36 million issue they floated in 1980 opened at $ 35 and leaped to $ 89 within 20 minutes . 
The AT&T action was the most recent blow in a nasty fight . 
Both Unocal and Burlington had been seen as potential targets for a British Petroleum bid . 
Several Wall Street officials say the proposed legislation already is having an impact . 
It 's amazing how one second can so completely change your life . 
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda . 
Bethlehem had little choice but to go with a European steelmaker , because its competitors already have tapped the Japanese and South Korean industry leaders , analysts noted . 
Lawyers representing DPC declined to elaborate , saying they did n't have a final copy of the filing . 
Amerada Hess and Occidental Petroleum had gains . 
Capital requirements will be declining and no new generating facilities will be required for several years , Moody 's said . 
The company 's stock plunged when it first announced that it planned to acquire Emhart . 
I ask this not necessarily as a native Ohioan . ) 
The South Korean coffee market , consisting mostly of instant coffee , was estimated at about 100 billion won ( $ 150.7 million ) last year . 
Ms. Brannigan is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Atlanta bureau . 
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 . 
Microsoft advanced 1 7\/8 to 80 1\/2 and Lotus Development added 1 1\/4 to 32 1\/2 . 
`` We 're strongly recommending that anyone who has eaten in the cafeteria this month have the shot , '' Mr. Mattausch added , `` and that means virtually everyone who works here . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
So the older or most inefficient capacity has got to go . '' 
Detroit tries to counter the foreign invasion with new brands of its own . 
`` What did we get out of it ? 
A strategic review is fundamentally different . 
And on back-to-back roll calls , 206-199 and 223-178 , the Appropriations Committee leadership turned back efforts to weaken or strip the proposed restrictions first added by Sen. Warren Rudman ( R. , N.H. ) 
Here is a summary of the Federal Reserve Board 's report on industrial production in September . 
Republic 's total of nonperforming assets was $ 167 million at Sept. 30 , with its reserve for loan losses now standing at $ 357 million . 
Any settlement is also expected to exclude Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from any of the projects they were working on at Warner . 
Some Democrats thought they might have compromised too much . 
Outflows of people and capital from Hong Kong have been growing since the sovereignty issue first arose in the early 1980s . 
`` It also means she will never have to know whether she had actually been pregnant . '' 
Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 
John E. Hayes Jr. was elected chairman , president and chief executive officer , succeeding David S. Black , who retired . 
Traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for September , due today , and tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index futures and options as major factors in the slowdown . 
It said about half are in California , with the rest scattered across the country . 
Following the release of the company 's fourth-quarter earnings , Apple Computer dropped 3\/4 to 48 on volume of more than 2.3 million shares . 
An 11-week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry . 
NBC 's re-creations are produced by Cosgrove-Meurer Productions , which also makes the successful prime-time NBC Entertainment series `` Unsolved Mysteries . '' 
China might stave off a crisis if it acts as forcefully as it did to arrest the 1985 decline , when Beijing slammed the brakes on foreign-exchange spending and devalued the currency . 
In an interview , Mr. Vila criticized his old show , which is continuing with a new host . 
Today 's Turks in Bulgaria , in other words , deserve what is coming to them four centuries later . 
But with local investors shaken by China 's political and economic turmoil , she says , a genuine recovery may not arrive until Hong Kong can prove itself secure under Chinese sovereignty . 
In Los Angeles , in our lean years , we gave parties . '' 
Each share of Eagle , based in Bristol , will become 0.95 share of Webster\/Eagle . 
It is indeed hard to back away from a widely publicized forecast , and Mr. Straszheim is fidgeting with the handcuffs on this trip . 
This meant returning to the golf course , where we watched a few French duffers maul the first tee while we sat under Cinzano umbrellas , me nursing an espresso and my ego . 
A company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly appraisal and that circumstances had changed since the December announcement . 
AM stereo remains largely undeveloped because it lacks a uniform delivery system . 
Richard Avena , executive director of the Texas Civil Liberties Union , called the proposal `` political gimmickry , '' and said it fails to recognize the drug problem as a health issue . 
The old saying advises : `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' 
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. 's net income rose 29 % on a modest 9 % increase in revenue in the third quarter , mainly on strong advertising demand at its ABC television network operation . 
Each $ 1 cumulative share can be converted into 4.92 common shares ; the ratio on the $ 3 cumulative is eight common shares for each $ 3 cumulative preferred . 
After a wonderfully frivolous early childhood , they are exposed to rigid discipline as soon as they enter school . '' 
`` They are going to catch up , '' said David Claridge , an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist . 
For the nine months , AMR 's net rose 15 % to $ 415.9 million , or $ 6.59 a share , from $ 360.1 million , or $ 5.99 a share . 
Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Fifth Avenue and Newport palazzi and endowed their daughters ' weddings to foreign noblemen . 
Mr. Meek said that a day or two before Lincoln 's parent entered bankruptcy proceedings , he and other examiners saw `` a truck with a sign on it that said it was from the ` Document Destruction Center . ' 
Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices . 
Until recently , much of the necessary technology has been unavailable or at least unaffordable . 
His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe , the inferior `` Playback '' ( 1958 ) , at times read almost like a parody of his previous work . 
The usual warning signs of hypoglycemia include sweating , anxiety and cramps . 
`` The short of it is that the most hard-bitten among us can not get into too sour a mood with communism collapsing , '' says Mitchell Daniels , a former Reagan White House aide who now is president of the Hudson Institute . 
The results surprised many analysts , because USAir has almost no competition in its Pittsburgh hub and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of Piedmont Airlines . 
Third and most important , Amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount ; I 'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that I 'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile . 
In a report out last week , John Minna and colleagues at the National Cancer Institute say that about half the cells taken from lung cancer tissue they tested are missing this gene . 
Call it the uninformed trudging after the incomprehensible . 
`` I upgraded the firm to my buy list because I certainly see signs of improvement , '' says Lawrence Eckenfelder , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
So I think the conceptual base needs to be thought out in a different way . 
IBM International Finance ( U.S. parent ) -- 125 million European currency units of 9 1\/8 % bonds due Nov. 10 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 9.13 % at the recommended reoffered price of par , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets . 
Third-quarter and nine-month results do n't include any provision for premium returns that could be ordered by the California Department of Insurance under Proposition 103 . 
Yet the best the far-left could do was not enough to deter the biggest voting bloc -- nearly 40 % -- from endorsing the direction Spain is taking . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 7\/16 % one year . 
But the push for cleaner fuels is increasing the attractiveness of natural gas . 
Revenue rose 7.7 % to $ 1.28 billion from $ 1.18 billion . 
In short , the problem is not intra-administration disagreement , but preoccupation with the prospect that perestrokia might fail , and its political opponents will ask `` Who lost Gorbachev ? '' 
Product delays , however , have left Dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread-and-butter line of desktop computers , as powerhouse competitors Compaq Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. price their PCs more aggressively . 
The move had been widely expected . 
Most murders are state crimes , so any federal capital-punishment law probably would turn out to be more symbolism than substance . 
In figures released yesterday by A.C. Nielsen Co . `` Teddy Z , '' produced by the television unit of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , was in 37th place . 
`` At some point , if we are unable to cover our leveraged cost -- and at the moment we 're right on it -- we 're going to have to make a move . 
The yield on the issue stood at 7.88 % . 
Walter Connolly , chairman , said in an interview that the company expects to record pretax gains of $ 100 million to $ 125 million from the sale of its leasing operations and of certain financial processing services . 
The transportation and insurance sectors each posted gains of 8.59 , with the transports finishing at 486.74 and the insurers at 537.91 . 
But neither has an extensive background in Latin America , the Middle East or Asia . 
Mr. Gourlay , 48 , is manager for corporate manufacturing operations ; he was assistant vice president at the company . 
I 'm OK . '' 
Among the new issues was Massachusetts 's $ 230 million of general obligation bonds . 
Changing the outcome of the trial is what really matters . 
A comprehensive development policy for governors over 30 would seem to be a more pressing need . 
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat . 
But since the time of Darwin , we humans could at least claim a sort of natural necessity for the existence of our species . 
A former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : `` If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going . '' 
He favors a form of commercial rent control , which the financial community believes would make it more difficult to attract investment in the city . 
By the time it paid its expenses it only had $ 120,000 left -- not enough to treat even one child . 
`` There is n't much question there will continue to be a ripple effect , '' said John Reidy , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Two directors of Pegasus Gold Inc. , a Spokane , Wash. , precious-metals mining firm , sold most of their holdings in the company Aug. 31 . 
The average yield on threemonth jumbos rose to 8.00 % from 7.96 % , while the two-year average fell by the same amount to 7.89 % . 
Yesterday , four days after an unusual parliamentary defeat for the ruling party , Mr. Gandhi called elections for the lower house of Parliament on Nov. 22 and 24 . 
Commerzbank had hoped to buy a stake in Credit Lyonnais , until the Socialists returned to government last year and canceled plans to privatize the large French bank . 
The reason for the tremendous demand is simple : South Koreans suddenly have a lot more money . 
MEDICINE SHOPPE INTERNATIONAL Inc. declared a 3-for-2 stock split , and substantially boosted the dividend payout . 
They will have to throw their hat in the ring . '' 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % six months . 
`` Athens with Spartan means , '' Mr. McDonough says . 
The announcement , in which they said hostilities had ceased , followed a two-day meeting in Madrid . 
I can see both sides . '' 
While most other airline issues took their cue from UAL , USAir Group rose 1 3\/4 to 43 1\/4 on 1.5 million shares amid speculation about a possible takeover proposal from investor Marvin Davis . 
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 . 
He owns 43 % of CenTrust 's shares . 
That 's hyperventilating . 
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit-card securities are the first with a 10-year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues . 
If I am catching your attention , then read a bold and informative article in this September 's issue of Science by Ethan Nadelmann on this subject . 
Ocean Drilling & Research dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 following news of a restructuring plan that calls for the company to reorganize its drilling business into a separate company and offer a 15 % to 20 % stake to the public . 
USX , he noted , was formed 88 years ago , `` by in effect buying out a bunch of other companies ... . 
Lloyd 's vast trading hall houses a warren of well-polished desks . 
That largely reflects the heavy stockholdings . 
The Senate Banking Committee will begin hearings next week on their proposal to expand existing federal housing programs . 
Sharp projected sales for the current year ending March 31 at 1.6 trillion yen , a 7 % increase the previous fiscal year . 
Shipbuilding became a point of pride as Finnish shipyards remained profitable long after rivals collapsed all over Europe . 
He adds , `` That 's the forecasting business . '' 
`` And we are looking for the most cost-effective way to clean up the air . '' 
`` The other areas of the business -- storage and microcomputers -- were very good , '' Mr. Johnson said . 
Colombia alone -- its government , its people , its newspapers -- does not have the capacity to fight this battle successfully . 
In addition , the company said ongoing cost-cutting efforts contributed to the latest period 's earnings upturn . 
Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by First Boston Corp. and co-managed by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Morgan Stanley & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
I can not recall any disorder in currency markets since the 1974 guidelines were adopted . 
Since most mortgages can be prepaid or refinanced at any time , issuers of mortgage securities retain the right to buy back their bonds before maturity . 
1 . To some extent the Federal Reserve shared the popular but incorrect view that expansionary monetary policy could yield a net improvement in employment and output . 
However , the Fed limited the revenue that banks could earn from these new underwriting activities to no more than 10 % of the revenue earned from other securities activities long open to banks , such as dealing in U.S. Treasurys . 
On the life insurance side , Pearl Group finished 5 lower at 640 , and Sun Life dropped 15 to # 11.53 . 
Meanwhile , Bear Stearns 's 650 stock and bond salesmen saw thinner paychecks over the past year , which the company says reflected lower commission revenue caused by a decline in investor activity in the markets . 
`` If you 're going to be consistent and say it is a constitutionally protected right , '' he asks , `` how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital or clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right and someone who is not in great shape financially does not ? '' 
The pound , which had been trading at about $ 1.6143 in New York prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement , sank more than two cents to $ 1.5930 , prompting the Federal Reserve Bank to buy pounds for dollars . 
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is . 
A mile and a half away looms the 150-foot-tall rig of the Sniper , due to be pumping by December . 
A year earlier , the company had a deficit of $ 1.5 million , or six cents a share . 
`` Talk is that everybody is going to drill more wells , '' says foreman Tommy Folsom . 
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure . 
Ms. Clifton had been executive financial assistant to the chairman . 
That includes the CDBG funds and the Federal Housing Administration , which loans out money for private home mortgages and has just been discovered to be $ 4 billion in the hole . 
Wells Fargo 
Too often , however , small investors are left with the same stale solutions that appealed to previous generations of fiduciary strategists . 
e - In Canadian dollars . 
Says the chief executive officer of a major Midwest steel company : `` It 's damn worrisome . '' 
The major legal barrier is the principle that no one can be held liable for an `` act of God . '' 
He succeeds John A. Boudreau , who resigned for personal reasons . 
While no guarantee , an increased police presence might even deter further attacks . 
In the past , the company usually took token equity positions in power plants it supplied as a `` kicker '' to close deals . 
`` Our expectation of confidentiality is being eroded . '' 
She worked part-time as a consultant and wrote a book , but never restarted her high-powered legal career . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Hydro-Quebec said it notified Central Maine Power Co. it will cancel a $ 4 billion contract to supply electricity to the Maine utility . 
The Oakland Athletics won baseball 's World Series , defeating the San Francisco Giants in a four-game sweep . 
Mrs. Burford remains bitter over the overwhelming legal expenses involved in clearing her name . 
Year-earlier earnings reflected costs of $ 14.3 million related to the acquisition of IMS International . 
In March , N M Rothschild in London and Rothschild Bank in Zurich showed assets of # 4.1 billion ( $ 6.51 billion ) and 1.26 billion Swiss francs ( $ 774 million ) , respectively . 
The Chicago office figured prominently in the bank 's problems earlier this year , when $ 65 million in loans to Chicago businessman William Stoecker went sour . 
Businesses `` want to verify information and ensure accuracy , '' says John Hiltunen , Dictaphone 's manager of media relations . 
TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. said it plans to shift its headquarters to Calgary , Alberta , from Toronto next year to cut costs and be closer to the upstream natural-gas industry . 
One could imagine such a lull in the lives of the Arabs before the quadrupling of oil prices . 
NBC 's `` On-Line '' consumer minutes have increased advertiser spending during the day , the network 's weakest period . 
Oppenheimer 's Mr. Palmero , meanwhile , is steering clear of Gaylord Container , Stone Container and Federal Paper Board . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares . 
Unions covered by one or other provisions generally settled for lower percentage wage increases . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
`` Lethal Weapon II '' was also a big hit . 
Most other bonds , however , would probably not have fared much better . 
The sudden growth of the opposition movement , together with the steady outflow of citizens escaping through Poland and Hungary , has plunged the country into its deepest political crisis since an anti-Soviet workers ' uprising in 1953 . 
In a statement , Young & Rubicam called the award `` unfortunate but bearable . '' 
But under new terms of the agreement , announced Friday , LIN holders would receive a special cash dividend of $ 42 a share , representing a payout of about $ 2.23 billion , shortly before the proposed merger . 
Qintex Australia unveiled plans to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems . 
Trading executives privately say that huge stock-index funds , which dwarf Wall Street firms in terms of the size of their program trades , will continue to launch big programs through the stock market . 
But the foundation bylaws require the entire Trelleborg stake to be sold in the open market if control drops below 50 % . 
( General Dynamics Corp. vs. Trevino 
In over-the-counter trading yesterday , Moscom closed at $ 4.375 , up 37.5 cents . 
Conspicuous by its absence is California . 
While our competitors are concerned with their financial viability and possible ownership changes , we will be concentrating on buying and selling merchandise our customers need and want . '' 
In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission , Transportation Department and Labor Department . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
The market has grown relatively quiet since the China crisis . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
Barring any petroleum-related news events , trading in the days ahead should further test recent projections by oil economists and other market watchers that strong fourth-quarter demand will keep prices firm . 
The comment we 're hearing is that we were slow out of the box , but beat everyone else in the stretch . '' 
Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players . 
It also can sell the right to regain the subsidiary to another party . 
The transaction is subject to approval by a panel of disinterested directors , the company said , adding that shareholder approval is n't needed . 
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem . 
Leading the gains for Du Pont in the latest quarter was its industrial products segment , where profit soared to $ 155 million from $ 99 million a year earlier . 
And traders say that futures have become an accepted part of the financial landscape . 
Both Philip Morris and Backer Spielvogel declined to comment . 
The goal of most U.S. firms -- joint ventures -- remains elusive . 
The Canadian government also has recently opened new trade offices in San Diego ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Miami ; Princeton , N.J. , and Denver , bringing the total number of such Canadian offices in the U.S. to 27 . 
Whatever Mr. Johnson 's talents , in the hearts and minds of many Dallas fans , he is no Tom Landry . 
The communications and entertainment company said revenue rose to $ 345.5 million , from $ 311.6 million . 
Despite the informal nature of the session and the calculated effort to hold down expectations , the meeting could pay significant political dividends for both leaders . 
The base price of the car is estimated at 30 million yen ( about $ 213,000 ) . 
Meanwhile , Japan 's Fair Trade Commission said it was considering launching an investigation into whether the bid , the equivalent of less than a penny , violates anti-monopoly laws . 
Average daily trading volume : 179,032 shares 
Many other tax benefits also were swept away . 
UNITED AIR 'S PARENT quashed any prospects for an immediate revival of the labor-management buy-out , saying UAL should remain independent for now . 
Mr. Baker drives a 1987 Chevy and usually wears a tweed jacket on his ghostbusting forays . 
Yet the Rothschilds do n't deny an emotional element to the decision . 
Jackets may be sold next . 
The Ministry of Construction spreads concrete throughout the country and boasts in international conferences that Japan 's paved roadway per capita is the longest in the world , but they seldom think of the poor commuters who spend so much time sitting in traffic . 
For example , copper for December delivery settled 4.5 cents lower at $ 1.2345 a pound . 
California legislators , searching for ways to pay for the $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in damages from last week 's earthquake , are laying the groundwork for a temporary increase in the state 's sales tax . 
`` I am the hope and the dream , the redemption of cowards , '' he says in one of many interior monologues . 
`` The judge came out and said , ` Quick , let 's put this on the record , ' '' says Sandy Bettencourt , the judge 's court reporter . 
But some members of an ad hoc expert committee set up by the Department of Energy to evaluate the cold fusion research were in the audience . 
A year earlier , fair-market value per share was $ 26.02 and book value was $ 9.43 a share . 
-- Give the EPA added discretion to set `` negligible risk '' levels for pesticide residues in processed food . 
Car and truck sales slid 20.5 % in mid-October as U.S. manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier in the year . 
Analysts said a big Japanese buy order was behind the rise . 
The House and Senate are to begin soon hashing out an agreement for sanctions legislation . 
Because it had bipartisan support . '' 
The ad campaigns usually follow one of three tracks -- stressing the company 's ` Texasness , ' pointing out the competition 's lack thereof , or trying to be more Texan than Texans . 
We tell them all the major companies are having financial difficulties . '' 
The declines were particularly pronounced in the Northeast and in the South , where Hurricane Hugo was a factor . 
For many companies , of course , there is still a slew of nagging problems to grapple with , some of which have the potential to become quite serious . 
Also , because UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf and other UAL executives have joined the pilots ' bid , the board might be forced to exclude him from its deliberations in order to be fair to other bidders . 
The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week . 
Engraph 's third-quarter net income of 15 cents a share actually was 7 % higher than the adjusted average of estimates . 
Excluding the one-time charges , the company would have posted earnings of $ 298 million , or 73 cents a share . 
Seagram 's gin is the world 's No. 2 gin brand , but the company does n't own any of the major gin brands imported in the U.S. . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Airline Economics Inc. , an aviation consulting firm , is projecting an industrywide operating profit of $ 2.5 billion for 1989 , compared with earlier forecasts of $ 3 billion to $ 3.5 billion . 
Yesterday 's explosions were the second round in two months at the plastics plant . 
Investors who wish to be out of a position , without the risk of receiving a worse-than-expected price from a market order , may use this type of order to specify the price at which the order must be filled . 
Now , television and radio evangelists are under scrutiny . 
The workers can be motivated , and the company reach its full potential , only when management embraces the employees ' perspective . 
As financial markets rebounded , trading volume in the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's huge Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures pit soared , reaching near-record levels for the first time since October 1987 . 
American publishers appear more than ready to do some selling . 
An incident in 1984 suggested one additional means by which Mr. Noriega might have maintained such influence with Washington -- by compromising U.S. officials . 
Birtcher , a maker of electronic medical equipment , said the transaction is expected to close on or before Nov. 30 . 
The five units generated sales of about $ 1.3 billion in 1988 , almost half of Emhart 's $ 2.3 billion revenue . 
Arthur Price resigned as president and chief executive officer of MTM Enterprises Inc. , a Studio-City , Calif. , entertainment concern . 
KKR also signaled to the company 's creditors that Henry Kravis and other KKR directors of SCI TV would resign from the board once the restructuring is completed and forgo their voting rights . 
You might be interested to know that baseball , not survival , appeared to be the first thought of most of the crowd of 60,000-odd that had gathered at Candlestick at 5:04 p.m. Tuesday , a half-hour before game time , when the quake struck . 
Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . 
`` A lot of people are getting hurt on this wicked whipsawing , '' cautioned Alistair Cuddeford , a London-based Salomon Brothers International Ltd. trader who makes a market in franc-denominated Euro Disney shares . 
And one White House official reported that Mr. Agnos had been `` very helpful '' in making arrangements for Mr. Bush 's hastily scheduled trip to California . 
Earlier this year , Meredith sold its first such package for $ 3 million to Kraft Inc. , now a unit of New York-based Philip Morris Cos . 
They are very visually sophisticated , '' explains LSI graphics specialist Robert Seltzer . 
Failure to pay the dividend allows Yukon to convert all or some of its shares into NBI common after Nov. 30 , at a conversion price based on NBI 's closing stock price . 
NRM said it expects unitholders to vote on the restructuring at a meeting Dec. 15 . 
Storage , Louisville , Colo. , which makes data-storage devices for mainframe computers , said the huge increase in net reflects `` strong sales '' of its tape products , particularly the 4400 Automated Cartridge System , which holds a library of tape cartridges . 
Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature and set up a grinding battle to override the expected veto of Democratic Gov. James Blanchard . 
Not all the scandal-tripped have enjoyed soft landings . 
Arthur Burns , Federal Reserve Board chairman , said the government 's `` luck '' in keeping the bank open -- despite being the then-biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented `` shock waves around the country and around the world . '' 
However , that does n't mean they can benefit from the vaccine . 
This would compare with an estimated loss of 3 cents a share for the comparable 10 months last year , which included restructuring costs . 
Step 2 will answer the question : What happens if these increases do not materialize ? 
If that happens , Chairman Greenspan could well become an open target . 
Debenture holders will also receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock of CNW Holdings . 
You 'd think all the stories about well-heeled communities and developers getting HUD grants would prompt Congress to tighten up on upscale housing subsidies . 
So far they have issued scores of subpoenas , some of which went to members of the New York Merc . 
Assets owned or managed rose 20 % to $ 45 billion , and mutual fund sales rose 45 % in the quarter to $ 923 million . 
Old Stone 's construction lending portfolio includes about $ 250 million in real-estate loans outstanding . 
`` Confidence was starting to come back because we did n't have wildly volatile days , '' says Tyler Jenks , research director for Kanon Bloch Carre & Co. , a Boston research firm . 
The market 's Friday-the-13th plunge of 190 points in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and the Big Board 's understated response to it , galvanized some longstanding dissatisfaction among companies listed on the exchange . 
The worst-case scenario would be if the put expires worthless . 
The 48-year-old Mr. Corr was hired largely because he was credited with returning Trans World Airlines Inc. to profitability while he was its president from 1986 to 1988 . 
But in the end , everything turns out for the best , in the film makers ' warped view . 
Ever since the link to cholesterol was disclosed , Americans have begun scarfing up psyllium in their breakfast cereals . 
But even though by some estimates it might cost the world as much as $ 100 billion between now and the year 2000 to convert to other coolants , foaming agents and solvents and to redesign equipment for these less efficient substitutes , the Montreal Protocol 's legions of supporters say it is worth it . 
Trade Representative Carla Hills , who along with Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter unveiled the proposal , said she is confident it will gain considerable support from the U.S. 's trading partners . 
It was not until the early 1970s that Cambridge Prof. Harry Whittington and two sharp graduate students began to publish a reinterpretation of the Burgess Shale . 
He had been vice president in that office . 
Mr. Mitterrand also proposed a separate `` Bank for Europe '' that would channel development money to the East . 
The earthquake 's toll , including possible deep structural damage , goes far beyond the more easily observed damage from a hurricane , says George Reider , a vice president in Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's claims division . 
They lorded it over me . 
Marshall McLuhan , you should have been there at that hour . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 140 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
Early in the day , bonds rose modestly on economists ' forecasts that this week 's slate of economic data will portray an economy headed for trouble . 
Before this bullish theory surfaced , some insurance stocks initially fell , indicating that investors thought the quake might cost insurers a lot of money . 
The Fed has assumed a similar responsibility in the market for government securities . 
At the very least , the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia 's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents . 
Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets , he and others argued , and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share . 
These bonds , now rated single-D , include junk offerings by AP Industries , Columbia Savings ( Colorado ) , First Texas Savings Association , Gilbraltar Financial Corp. , Integrated Resources Inc. , Metropolitan Broadcasting Corp. , Resorts International Inc. , Southmark Corp. and Vyquest Inc . 
The features will focus on `` parenting , family health and nutrition , and financial management , '' and will carry 30 seconds of advertising . 
This law aids hurricane-wracked locales named by the president as disaster areas , as well as regions so designated after other 1989 disasters . 
But Mrs. Boehm did n't mention any of them . 
At the close , the narrower 30-share index was up 19.7 points to 1721.4 . 
`` We do n't know yet how useful it 's going to be , '' he said . 
`` There 's seven million square feet of space that 's doing great . 
Guarantee by Industrial Bank of Japan . 
Everyone falls in love with everyone else . 
In 1974 , as the U.S. representative to the United Nations , he wrote an introduction to a book on world population in which he boasted of his leadership during his term in Congress in expanding family-planning services for the poor . 
After a stronger-than-expected pace early this year , analysts say the market , after a series of sharp swings in recent months , now shows signs of retreating . 
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry . 
Traders said property-casualty companies with the heaviest exposure in the San Francisco area include the OTC 's Safeco and Ohio Casualty . 
But Mr. Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000 . 
Generally , a short seller expects a fall in a stock 's price and aims to profit by selling borrowed shares that are to be replaced later ; the short seller hopes the replacement shares bought later will cost less than those that were sold . 
It stopped selling a standard personal computer a while ago . 
The third principal in the South Gardens adventure did have garden experience . 
`` You need to capitalize on these moments when you have everyone 's attention , '' she says . 
In London trading yesterday , Maxwell Communication shares rose nine pence , to 216 pence ( $ 3.41 ) . 
Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year . 
Jutting out just to the north of us is the Blackjack Peninsula ( after the oak , not the game ) which forms the core of the Aransas Wildlife Refuge . 
Anyway , ZBB 's procedures were so cumbersome that everyone involved was crushed under a burden of marginalia . 
The project appeared to be on the rocks earlier this month when the other major partner in the project , China General Plastics Corp. , backed out . 
The principles would give the Environmental Protection Agency increased authority and flexibility in regulating pesticides , with the aim of enabling the agency to move more quickly . 
But the amounts they exchange may be limited ; most Soviet hotels , for example , demand payment in hard currency from Western visitors . 
Officials at Goldman Sachs and Salomon Brothers were unavailable for comment . 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES Corp , Armonk , N.Y. , maker of business machines , NYSE , said flooding caused by broken water pipes closed its San Jose plant , which makes high-end data-storage devices . 
One investment banker who is n't involved in the deal says SCI TV needs at least $ 50 million of new equity to survive . 
They have sold issues backed by car loans , boat loans and recreational-vehicle loans . 
But many economists pointed to a 1.8 % September rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category . 
I feel about Sassy like I did about Working Woman 10 years ago . '' 
They have a life of their own and can be counted on to look good and perform whenever a cast is n't up to either . 
Revenue nearly tripled to $ 479 million , from $ 160 million . 
They wonder whether he has the economic know-how to steer the city through a possible fiscal crisis , and they wonder who will be advising him . 
A Board of Control spokesman said the board had not seen the claim and declined to comment . 
In the latest period , the company had an average of 370.8 million shares , 5.6 million shares below last year 's level . 
West German Environment Minister Klaus Toepfer said Bonn is convinced of the need for cooperation , `` especially with our neighbors in the East , because we are directly affected by their ecological progress or lack of it . '' 
Several big mutual fund groups said last week that cash flows into stock funds were heavier than usual after heavy outflows on the 13th . 
Instead , even with the liabilities of two natural disasters in recent weeks , analysts said the total capital of the industry is likely to be higher at year end than it was at midyear . 
In developing that theme at Interpublic Group of Cos . ' Lintas : New York unit , account supervisor Lisa Buksbaum says she made a `` couple of phone calls '' to Dallas ad friends and reported her `` findings '' to a team of writers . 
But the disappointing sales of DAT machines here and abroad so far have not seemed to warrant the three years of legal wrangling that went into the agreement . 
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James . 
Suntory distributes Brown-Forman bourbons in Japan . 
Kidder officials stand by their aggressive use of program trading . 
However , Mr. Davis could pressure the board by asking that the agreement be waived , or letting it be known that he has financing for an offer at a lower price . 
Cipher Data Products Inc. posted a net loss of $ 14.2 million , or 97 cents a share , for its fiscal first quarter , compared with net income of $ 3.8 million , or 27 cents a share , a year ago . 
Within two years , the moderates were exiled or in prison , Nicaragua had gone communist , and the Sandinistas were building one of the biggest armies in Latin America and threatening their neighbors . 
But its stock jumped again yesterday as it disclosed surprisingly strong margins on those sales . 
The Journal also will offer expanded volume and frequency discounts . 
Firms Walk Fine Line In Distributing Profits 
Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , `` would mean diverting monetary and fiscal policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive inflation and unemployment and inadequate capital formation . '' 
The ghost of the Soviet brigade discovered in Cuba back in the '70s costs just a few hundred million : the price of the Caribbean Command in Key West that President Carter created in 1980 . 
`` Even if they could bring in that many new skiers , I do n't know if { the industry } could handle that kind of an increase , '' says I. William Berry , editor and publisher of the Ski Industry Letter in Katonah , N.Y . 
The No. 2 auto maker 's new Thunderbird and Mercury Cougar models have n't met sales expectations in the year since they were introduced , and Ford 's trucks are losing ground to their GM rivals . 
The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of health-club memberships , tennis rackets and home exercise equipment , but people 's good intentions , if not their actions , are keeping sales of some fitness products healthy . 
It was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when rates were marching steadily upward , and hit 42 days in August . 
`` The industry has been waiting with bated breath for the machines to come along , '' says David Niles , president of Eleven Twenty Five Productions Inc. , a New York pioneer in high-definition programming . 
High-definition television promises to be the TV of tomorrow , so it is a natural multibillion-dollar market . 
`` It certainly was n't a disaster , but it does show weakness '' in some of the company 's chief markets , said George Krug , a chemicals-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co . 
Gulf Power 's guilty plea before U.S. District Judge Robert L. Vining yesterday marks the end of only one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co . 
Subscribing schools get the 12-minute daily Channel One news program , whose four 30-second TV ads during each show have drawn protests from educators . 
He has argued that such presidential power is necessary to rein in congressional spending . 
We understand such rueful wisdom must be retrospective : The owl of Minerva only spreads her wings at dusk . 
The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read , but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker `` The most sensational woman anybody ever saw . 
One news show we saw yesterday even displayed 25 federal officials meeting around a table . 
After the payment , Healthcare still will be $ 6.5 million in arrears on rent and mortgage payments to HealthVest , a real estate investment trust whose portfolio consists largely of properties operated by Healthcare . 
The company said the repayment or redemption of the long-term debt , and the outstanding Class A cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of Cable News Network , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of debentures and notes and $ 900 million in bank borrowings . 
Meanwhile , Eurocom , which had held 20 % of WCRS 's ad unit , will pay # 43.5 million ( $ 68.5 million ) to raise its stake to 60 % . 
`` It would be a shame to have a Chapter 7 after all the progress in this case , '' said Judge Abramson . 
The minister was also quoted as saying that a new pact could be achieved during the first half of next year , according to the analyst . 
But in Epinal , a gray 16th-century river town adjacent to France 's Vosges mountain region , none of these Yankee-come-lately enthusiasms for things aloft was evident . 
Source : International Data Corp . 
The `` Fairness '' Doctrine 's enthusiasts are incumbents in the House who know the rules squelch lively discussions on broadcasts , deterring feisty challengers . 
The company said the growth was led by its major operations , particularly mailing , shipping , dictating and facsimile businesses . 
Eastern and its creditors agreed in July on a reorganization plan that called for the carrier to sell off $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from Chapter 11 status in late 1989 at two-thirds its former size . 
Instead , they map out a strategy in several phases from now until 1995 . 
The key word in that paragraph , though , is `` may . '' 
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents . 
`` { Wall Street } is beginning to realize -- as Shakespeare said -- the trouble is not in our stars , but in ourselves . '' 
Some observers say that different rules governing stock and futures markets are partly responsible for volatility . 
Mr. Taylor 's overwhelming victory against Republican Tom Anderson reclaims a seat the Republicans had held for 17 years and gives the Democrats their fifth victory in the seven special House elections held this year . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Ford said it holds 22.8 million ordinary shares . 
Customarily , it would appoint career civil servants from within the agency , but Mr. Goldberg said he plans to `` scour the world '' for the chief information officer and the comptroller . 
Stock-fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year . 
`` Stocks that have a high default risk have started to underperform those stocks that have a lower default risk , '' said Eric Sorenson , director of quantitative analysis at Salomon Brothers . 
There also are `` 800 '' hotlines which refer people to lawyers , usually personal-injury specialists , for in-office consultation . 
That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . 
By contrast , only 32 % expect an increase in the price of gold . 
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one-time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case . 
`` It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out our problem , '' says Kathryn McGrath , director of the SEC 's division of investment management . 
After all , until the 1950s even the Red Delicious was a firm , delectable morsel . 
In the quarter ended July 31 , Jayark had an average of 5.6 million shares outstanding . 
What tongue to speak is an emotional mine field in the Philippines . 
But domestic consumer sales slipped 1.2 % for the quarter , to $ 490 million from $ 496 million . 
Harsco Corp. said it obtained a $ 33.1 million export order for armored recovery vehicles and related support equipment . 
It was all over the place . 
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group . 
But a Ford spokeswoman in Dearborn said Friday the company has n't requested such a meeting yet . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
The only U.S. liability in the region is what remains of the link to Mr. Barre , and that should be cut fast . 
`` What 's he doing ? '' hissed my companion , who was the only other English-speaking member of the convention and whose knuckles were white . 
The offering , Series 106 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 1\/2 % securities . 
The deal requires regulatory and shareholder approval . 
Cray Research expects supercomputer sales to be flat next year , the latest in a series of negative announcements by the company . 
William O'Neill , research director for Elders Futures Inc. in New York , said the price action for all of last week is the best he has seen on a weekly basis in more than a year . 
The SEC at the same time approved a similar but smaller basket product on the Chicago Board Options Exchange , where the minimum will be $ 1.7 million . 
The Wilbur translation is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater if you ever have the opportunity . 
But in Washington state , small business generally opposes an initiative to boost spending on children 's programs by $ 360 million , fearing the state 's 7.8 % sales tax will be raised to finance the outlays . 
The airborne system operates independent of ground-based radar systems , informing pilots of nearby aircraft , Allied-Signal said . 
`` When you get a big sell-off in equities , money starts to shift into bonds , '' which are considered safer , he said . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 26.23 points to 2662.91 in sluggish trading . 
But British Air 's withdrawal from the UAL buy-out could have further repercussions . 
I do n't know the quality of the works my colleagues have sent in , but in any case I feel confident that good sense and honest judgment ... '' 
Mr. Leigh-Pemberton reiterated that the exposure of United Kingdom banks to leveraged deals have n't yet reached `` worrying levels . '' 
When the loan agreement was announced , it was hailed as one of the first Western-style financing transactions ever used in China . 
At the same time , some sports events will move off `` free '' television and onto cable or pay-cable , where half the nation 's TV homes ca n't see them . 
Another reason for the weakness , he said , may be that mortgage rates have hit a plateau since they began edging down after a peak in March . 
The designer 's attorney , Molly Bartholow , said that Ms. Garratt was forced to start bankruptcy-law proceedings because Jerell began withholding her royalty payments last month . 
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily . 
-- Ivern Ball . 
A group including New York investors Douglas A. Kass and Anthony Pedone holds the equivalent of a 12.6 % stake in H.H. Robertson Co. 's common shares outstanding , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a unit of General Motors Corp. , got a $ 10.3 million Air Force contract for airborne-radar equipment . 
`` Unions would have a profound effect on the whole culture of the company , '' says Bernard La Londe , a professor at Ohio State University at Columbus and a Federal consultant . 
Copper 
For the paper industry specifically , most analysts said the deal will spur a wave of paper-company takeovers , possibly involving such companies as Union Camp Corp. , Federal Paperboard Co. and Mead Corp . 
Meanwhile , the government 's Land Bureau reports that only about a third of Korean families own their own homes . 
Mexico is the biggest importer of both rum and brandy from the U.S. . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) . 9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Kellwood said Gabriel Hakim Sr. , president of Crowntuft , will continue to head Crowntuft 's management group . 
B.A.T Industries PLC won overwhelming shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.23 billion ) takeover bid from Sir James Goldsmith . 
Mr. Sagan , a former publisher and real estate developer , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 4 million of tax exempt bonds issued by the State of Illinois ( the first time that a state has used its educational facilities authority to support construction of a theater ) , and approximately $ 1 million in grants from the National Endowment for the Arts , the MacArthur Foundation , and a few other deep pockets . 
And the relationship between Qintex Entertainment and the Australian company appears to be quickly deteriorating . 
Fighting also was reported around the strategic town of Khost , near the Pakistani border . 
The egg producers also lobbied the Food and Drug Administration . 
Rep. Bates said he accepted the finding , but one of the victims , Dorena Bertussi , denounced the ethics panel 's action as `` absurd . '' 
`` You have to go into it firmly believing that it 's the kind of investment where you can lose everything . '' 
Ironically , `` up until the quake , we desperately tried to fill jobs , '' especially for crane and bulldozer operators . 
The companies said the accord was unanimously approved by a special committee of Erbamont directors unaffiliated with Montedison . 
`` We have n't decided on a strategy yet , but we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're the developer or just the supplier , '' says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy and utility systems group . 
Enormous ice sheets retreated from the face of North America , northern Europe and Asia . 
As Mr. Bronner himself says , the smell of `` raw meat '' was in the air . 
This fall , Ford introduced only one new product : A restyled version of its hulking Lincoln Town Car luxury model . 
The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil , gasoline and heating oil have made it the largest futures exchange in New York , and third behind the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange . 
Trinova closed at $ 25 , down $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The Treasury said it wo n't be able to honor reinvestment requests from holders of bills maturing Nov. 2 held in the Treasury 's book-entry system . 
But Bouygues said its first-half profit is n't indicative of the full-year trend because of the highly seasonal nature of many of the company 's activities . 
Lion Nathan Ltd. , a New Zealand brewing and retail concern , said Friday that Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. is `` committed '' to a transaction whereby Lion Nathan would acquire 50 % of Bond 's Australian brewing assets . 
`` These are just baby steps toward real interactive video , which I believe will be the biggest thing yet to affect television , '' he says . 
Needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult . 
At that point , perhaps diversification would be appropriate . '' 
`` We are not trying to encourage everyone . '' 
Questions like that really stir up Marshall 's ghost . 
Peter Teagan , a specialist in heat transfer , is running a project at Arthur D. Little Inc. , of Cambridge , Mass. , to find alternative technologies that will allow industry to eliminate CFCs . 
Another analyst said the Cananea return to operation may not be as near as some expect . 
The precious metals sector outgained other Dow Jones industry groups by a wide margin for the second consecutive session . 
Researchers at Ohio State University and Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology and Geocryology in China have analyzed samples of glacial ice in Tibet and say temperatures there have been significantly higher on average over the past half-century than in any similar period in the past 10,000 years . 
For the same fiscal year , by the way , the Bank 's net income was a robust $ 1.1 billion after provisions . 
Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin 's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production . 
Mr. Carmon said he also presented the list last week to William Brown , U.S. Ambassador to Israel . 
Mr. Sloan plans to remain on the board until his current term expires in April 1991 , a Lance spokesman said . 
For instance , he helped steal the May 1984 Panamanian elections for the ruling party . 
`` I 've got 70 kinds of apples . 
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine-tuned . 
Morgan Grenfell , which has been mentioned in takeover rumors , rose 20 to 392 pence ( $ 6.18 ) a share . 
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops . 
Mr. Merksamer and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , were unavailable for comment . 
In 1986 the New York attorney general 's office got an order from a state court in Albany shutting down First Meridian Corp. , an Albany financial-planning firm that had invested $ 55 million on behalf of nearly 1,000 investors . 
A guy is sitting up in an office deciding what you 're going to eat . '' 
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues . 
He phoned them with updates on the investment , such as `` funny things that happened at the well that week , '' he says . 
Even though the Big Board says its product represents a post-crash `` reform , '' some traders suggest that if the new basket had been trading during this month 's Friday the 13th market plunge , the Dow Jones Industrial Average might have dropped more than the 190 points it did . 
IF YOUR FLIGHT attendant seems a little weary , it may be because he or she has been working 20 straight hours . 
There was also some fear that without Ivory Coast cocoa a large French cocoa merchant , Cie . Financiere Sucre et Denrees , might not be able to deliver cocoa against the contracts it had sold earlier for December delivery in London . 
By contrast , European firms will spend $ 150 million this year on electronic security , and are expected to spend $ 1 billion by 1992 . 
A disciplined program will work the best , Mr. Boesel says . 
Her success , which included alleviating an urban food shortage in the early 1980s , helped persuade Hanoi to take the reform path . 
Thanks to a new air-traffic agreement and the ability of Irish travel agents to issue Aeroflot tickets , tourists here are taking advantage of Aeroflot 's reasonable prices to board flights in Shannon for holidays in Havana , Kingston and Mexico City . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
By next year , all underwriters will be linked to a communications network that could reduce paper work on claims . 
Japanese retail executives say the main reason they are reluctant to jump into the fray in the U.S. is that -- unlike manufacturing -- retailing is extremely sensitive to local cultures and life styles . 
The Republican danger is that abortion could become for them what it 's long been for Democrats , a divisive litmus test . 
In the past two years , the desert behind them has become a land of mass executions and utter anarchy , where , due to Mr. Barre 's brutality and ineptitude , nobody is any longer in control . 
Two hundred years ago , critics of the new United States Constitution warned that the electoral districts for Congress were too large and encompassed too many different economic interests . 
Pacific First owns Pacific First Federal Savings Banks and other financial services firms . 
An anonymous caller to a local radio station said cocaine traffickers had slain the magistrate in retaliation for the extraditions of Colombians wanted on drug charges in the U.S. . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Asked about that the other day , he replied , `` Anti-Semitic ? 
Unlike other companies , it has n't pin-pointed specific projects for the funds . 
`` The companies just gave back what they had reserved for , '' he said . 
Health Care Property Investors Inc. said it acquired three long-term care facilities and one assisted-living facility in a purchase-and-lease transaction valued at $ 15 million . 
Manhattan National Corp. said Michael A. Conway , president and chief executive officer , was elected chief executive of the holding company 's two principal insurance subsidiaries . 
Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares , the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares . 
During the past three weeks , for example , Drexel has sold $ 1.3 billion of new junk bonds for Turner Broadcasting Co. , Uniroyal Chemical , Continental Air and Duff & Phelps . 
His new forecast calls for `` a soft landing . '' 
Ben earns any fees sent directly to charity and is taxable on them , the IRS says ; of course , he also may take a charitable deduction for them . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.50 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.45 % six months . 
After 20 years of pushing labor proposals to overhaul the nation 's health-care system , Bert Seidman of the AFL-CIO is finding interest from an unlikely quarter : big business . 
The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint-implants . 
However , a catalyst like Coniston could seek shareholder support for a sale to a labor-management group at the last price discussed by that group before the board meeting Monday . 
The deposit numbers for August marked a swing back to huge outflows after a July net deposit inflow of $ 54 million -- the only net inflow in more than a year . 
And even those who say some selective selling may be in order stress that individuals need to be in the stock market to achieve their long-term investment objectives and to help balance their other assets . 
Weisfield 's surged 14 to 53 after agreeing in principle to be acquired by a unit of Ratners Group for $ 50 a share . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was at $ 366.55 an ounce . 
Denise McDonald , a spokeswoman for MADD , says , `` It 's scary , because anybody could do this . '' 
It also saves money . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Vickers makes tanks for the U.K. army , Rolls Royce cars , and has marine and medical businesses . 
Atop them sit cars and trucks abandoned in a terrifying scramble to safety the day before . 
East Germany 's new leader met with Lutheran Church officials to discuss a growing opposition movement demanding democratic freedoms . 
I would tend to trust their judgment . '' 
Since the crash , many futures traders have n't assumed large positions for fear that the S&P 500 market , with much of its customer order flow missing , would dry up if prices turned against them . 
This includes a working capital facility for Allied Stores of $ 350 million that matures March 15 , 1990 , and an $ 800 million bridge loan due April 30 , 1990 . 
USX 's profit dropped 23 % in the third quarter as improved oil results failed to offset weakness in the firm 's steel and natural gas operations . 
He figures P&G will expand its personal-care product line in Japan to `` continue that momentum . '' 
Tell that to Atlanta , which Pittsburgh replaced as the most-livable city in 1985 . 
He gave no further details . 
Most recently , the Bank Group has been expanded to include the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency to stimulate direct foreign investment in developing countries by offering guarantees against noncommercial risk and advice to member countries on how to improve their business climate . 
Eastern ultimately decided it would have to keep and operate the routes itself , which would leave it with less cash for its reorganization . 
In 1976 , as an upstart in the eyes of Switzerland 's establishment , Mr. Rey laid the foundations of his present-day prominence with an unheard-of raid on Bally , the country 's traditional shoemaker . 
He said he is `` very surprised '' by the furor over program trading and the exchange 's role in it that has raged in recent days . 
Money helped , too . 
There are all sorts of ways to give buy and sell instructions to a broker -- and just as many ways to get burned if you do n't know what you 're doing . 
They merely collect campaign contributions from developers that help keep them in office . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Contel closed at $ 33.75 a share , down .50 cents . 
The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading , PS of New Hampshire 's 17 1\/2 debenture due 2004 closed yesterday at $ 82.50 , up $ 2 . 
In Hong Kong , Sydney and Singapore -- the largest of those exchanges -- stocks recovered one-third to one-half of the ground they lost in Monday 's plunge , with major market indexes posting gains of 3.6 % to 4.4 % . 
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way . 
Hogs rose $ 3.40 to $ 46.80 a hundredweight in October , while beef cattle slipped 80 cents to $ 67.40 for each hundred pounds and calves dropped 90 cents to $ 90.20 . 
He and others say that the machines are weak enough that they do n't jeopardize the memory . 
Although Digital will announce a full family of mainframes next week , it is n't expected to begin shipping in volume until next year . 
The host , Costa Rican President Oscar Arias , did not invite Chile , Cuba , Panama or Haiti to the summit , which was to be restricted to democracies . 
Falcon Holding Group Inc. said it agreed to acquire about 54,000 subscribers from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for about $ 100 million , or roughly $ 2,000 a subscriber . 
The primary subsidiary will be the combined banking operations of the two companies and will be known as Banco Popular de Puerto Rico . 
But foreign exploration and production earnings fell sharply , to $ 12 million from $ 95 million . 
There is little incentive to buy gold because if the stock market goes higher , it may be just a false alarm . 
They added that the DJIA 's swift drop proved an easy excuse for the market to drive the U.S. currency in the direction it was already headed . 
Among the insurance stocks , big gainers included American International Group , up $ 3.25 to $ 102.625 ; General Re Corp. , up $ 2.75 to $ 86.50 ; Aetna , up $ 2.375 to $ 59.50 ; and Marsh & McLennan Inc. , up $ 3.125 to $ 75.875 . 
The Macy 's issue closed up about one point at a bid price of 97 . 
The second part , consisting of $ 28 million of 11 3\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1995 , was priced at 87.026 with a yield to maturity of 15.25 % . 
Rally 's operates and franchises about 160 fast-food restaurants throughout the U.S. . 
The results compare with a year-earlier net loss of $ 1.5 million , or seven cents a share , based on 20.3 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
Sterling Software Inc. said it lost its bid to supply software services to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif . 
The index fell 151.20 Friday . 
William Bennett , the White House drug-policy director , accused local officials in the Washington area of blocking construction of prison facilities to house convicted drug dealers . 
2 ) Encourage long-term occupancy by forgiving one month 's payment ( off the tail end of the mortgage ) for every six months paid ; or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage ( balloon ) , but `` forgiven '' on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant . 
The Bank of England , on the other hand , had gold reserves that averaged about 30 % of its outstanding currency , and Bank of England notes were accepted throughout the world . 
In most cases , the IRS says , these projects are local or regional , rather than national , and arise because auditors in an area detect some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses . 
Columbia Pictures is being acquired by Sony Corp. , which is based in Japan . 
Many resorts also are focusing more on the service side of their business . 
Profit margins at company-owned McDonald 's outlets in the U.S. `` are holding up quite nicely , '' says Mr. Greenberg . 
`` You have to have clear feelings about someone before you can make jokes , '' says an East German mother of two who loves swapping political barbs with her friends . 
Wells Rich Greene , however , in an effort directed by Mary Wells Lawrence , emerged the victor of the review and retained the business . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
As a result , Mr. Owen warned , investment will be more likely to flow toward the other European economies and `` the U.K. will be less prepared for the single market . '' 
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over-the-counter market rise from its recent doldrums . 
Writes Bilanz : `` No one in Switzerland ever came so far so fast ... 
Within a year he hopes Steppenwolf will move into a new 500-seat theater on that site . 
Mr. Hurley was formerly a vice president and general manager of an Avery International division ; Mr. Vanourek was a former group vice president of Pitney Bowes Inc . 
Coke said the joint-venture arrangement , which needs approval from both companies ' boards , should be completed early next year . 
Not exactly sophisticated market research , but who cares as long as the campaigns work . 
`` It is fun competing as a private company , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
Other buildings had broken glass , dangling light fixtures and broken pipes , a spokesperson says , estimating the cost of reconstruction `` in the millions . '' 
Your hypothetical investor is simply being compensated for taking on this added risk . 
Perhaps the Halloween season is a good time for Congress to be looking at funding for some ghostbusting equipment . 
`` Where 's the bid ? '' asked Pierre Panet-Raymond , an analyst and broker with Toronto securities dealer McDermid St. Lawrence Ltd . 
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt . 
Lotus Development Corp. reported a surprisingly strong 51 % increase in third-quarter net income on a 32 % sales gain , buoyed by strong demand for a new version of its 1-2-3 computer spreadsheet . 
In their new contract this year , American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and the Communications Workers of America agreed to look for `` prompt and lasting national solutions '' to rising health-care costs . 
The figures occasionally include incomplete transactions in restricted stock . 
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government . 
`` There is no question that investor confidence ( in the stock market ) is critical . '' 
Mr. Sugarman has in turn contended that the other major shareholder group -- whose interests are represented by three other directors connected to trusts in the name of the children of the company 's founder , James Patterson -- has ties to a competing fast food chain , Wendy 's International Inc . 
Santa Fe Pacific plans to sell 20 % of its large real estate unit to a California pension fund for $ 400 million and spin the rest off to shareholders . 
The Food and Drug Administration said American Home Products Corp. agreed to recall certain generic drugs that were produced by its Quantum Pharmics unit in Amityville , N.Y . 
The company explained that its main product , bleached paperboard , which goes into some advertising materials and white boxes , historically does n't have sharp price swings . 
`` The work was done properly , '' he said . 
But despite the acrimony between Mr. Ross and Mr. Yetnikoff , officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement that might yield attractive business opportunities . 
It is n't just exercise gear that is n't getting a good workout . 
That illustrates the kind of disappointment many Indians feel toward Mr. Gandhi , whom they zestfully elected and enthusiastically supported in his first two years in power . 
`` I 'm certain that in the course of the hearings the names { of the senators } will be brought out , '' Mr. Gonzalez says . 
But on reflection , Mr. Oka says , he concluded that Nissan is being prudent in following its slow-startup strategy instead of simply copying Lexus . 
The company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher raw material , repair and maintenance , and labor costs . 
The issue is rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P . 
Indeed , the potential losses make any rescue scheme unlikely unless the politicians once again change tack and agree to pick up the bill , analysts said . 
David Evans , who last week resigned as president and chief executive of Qintex Entertainment Inc. `` for personal reasons '' just as the company filed for bankruptcy-law protection , has been temporarily reappointed to both positions , the company said . 
The company 's earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation , which bondholders use a measurement of the chain 's ability to pay its existing debt , increased 11 % in fiscal 1989 to $ 926.1 million from $ 833.6 million . 
And National Geographic 's smaller-than-average size means extra production costs for advertisers . 
Trial and Terror 
Dr. Vogelstein hopes soon to isolate one on chromosome 18 , also involved in colon cancer . 
Transportation costs actually fell 0.5 % , and housing costs gained only 0.1 % . 
By late last night , Globe Managing Editor Thomas Mulvoy , bending to the will of his troops , scrapped the new drawings . 
His comments , made in response to reporters ' questions at the National Press Club here , signaled that Seoul is resisting U.S. pressure for a further rise in the currency 's value . 
`` There 's no shortage of major things to do , '' he said . 
Lisa Zeidner 's third novel , `` Limited Partnerships '' ( North Point Press , 256 pages , $ 18.95 ) is a stylish , funny and thoughtful look at the way love relationships are affected by the pressures of money , or , more specifically , the lack of it . 
The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible . 
Health-insurance costs soared . 
He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 . 
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors . 
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs . 
Running for President in 1980 and 1988 , George Bush also persuasively diagnosed the economic stagnation of the 1970s . 
The new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in Spain , while Mr. Breene said it also plans to make acquisitions in Scandinavia , Germany and elsewhere . 
Another longtime ally , Phil Bakes , currently heads Eastern , now in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings . 
The Comex accused the 39-year-old Mr. Semel of `` fraudulent conduct '' and improper trading . 
Four tubular steel `` Bedfellows , '' each roughly in the shape of a `` W , '' are attached to the bottom of the box spring in a recessed position ... . 
A non-invasive method is being researched by biophysicist Lynn Jelinski at the AT&T unit . 
For Cathay Pacific Airways , the smooth ride may be ending . 
But university computer specialists , who welcomed the move , called it a necessary retreat from the cutting edge of technology and one that 's likely to increase Next 's sales on campuses . 
He defeated the contentious Mr. Koch in the Democratic primary partly because he seemed to offer hope he could heal the city 's racial and ethnic wounds . 
After the HUD and S&L stories broke , some Congressmen began to worry that their influence peddling at executive-branch and independent agencies might some day get them in trouble . 
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds . 
( It is , however , possible , that further study will reveal increasing bias . ) 
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said . 
If no margin agreed , there is a fallback rate of Libor plus 0.75 point in years one to 15 , and Libor plus 1.25 point thereafter . 
Seventeen percent reported their customers being robbed . 
It does n't have an internal floppy disk drive , although a snap-on drive can be purchased separately . 
A private farmer never wastes anything . '' 
Poland 's 2.7 million small private farms cover 76 % of its arable land . 
Whitbread & Co. put its spirits division up for sale , triggering a scramble among global groups for the British company 's brands . 
Roughly a third of the charities reviewed flunk the test . 
But market activity was energized as investors started to view the lower price levels as attractive . 
Rochester will exchange shares of its common stock for all shares outstanding of Viroqua Telephone , a family-owned company . 
They note that the dollar remains extremely vulnerable to the slightest bad news from the stock exchange . 
Dealers noted that the foreign exchange market 's initial bearish reaction to the U.S. trade figures was tempered later by a `` calmer reassessment of the data . '' 
As an alternative , he said , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
In many cases the costs claimed were so high that only a dribble of cash was left for the purported beneficiaries . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov , 27 , 1989 , to March 21 , 1994 , at a premium over the closing share price Oct. 25 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
Lucy , of course , is pretty and smart , though uneducated . 
But now the companies are getting into trouble because they undertook a record expansion program while they were raising prices sharply . 
`` The golden share is a single share , but it is the magic share . '' 
If this passes -- a Senate version has already been cleared for a floor vote that is likely early next year -- it would put the federal government into the contraceptive marketing business for the first time . 
But the handlers mistakenly stuck with silicon chips ; they needed kryptonite . 
The project costs $ 46.8 million , and is intended to boost the company 's production capacity by 25 % to 34,500 metric tons of copper cathode a year . 
It was the first time since January that Renaissance has thought stocks are worth owning . 
The researchers reported they have been able to pluck the five genes that produced the toxin out of the pertussis bacterium . 
Among the company 's current efforts : repairing old parts at 25 % of the cost of replacing them . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. , snapping back to profitability after its first quarterly loss as a public firm , said it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter . 
He said investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term . 
`` These errata do not affect business programs , '' he said . 
Indeed , the name derives from the tendency among telemarketing scammers to rent cheap basement space , near the boiler room . 
Against the rapid cosmetic overhaul of the Socialist Party the LDP has been paralyzed . 
Turnover remained relatively small . 
`` We put a price on the deal that the market required to get it done . '' 
When the Soviets announced their last soldier had left Afghanistan in February , the voices of skepticism were all but drowned out by an international chorus of euphoria . 
But not all strategists or money managers are ready to throw in the towel completely on cyclicals . 
`` I think everyone 's a little more leery , '' says Jack Baker , head of equity trading at Shearon Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The 189 Democrats who supported the override yesterday compare with 175 who initially backed the rape-and-incest exemption two weeks ago and 136 last year on a similar vote . 
`` A lot of the professional traders are just going back and forth . 
A Seagram spokesman in New York would n't comment . 
The agency will withdraw from the production of nine food products , maintaining production of the two most important ones , corn and milk . 
The plant has a hairy stem that produces flowers and diminutive seeds . 
The wait was miserable . 
Yet I would venture that the landscape of our country alone would justify the use of this lofty adjective ... . 
For one of the superstars of glasnost , Vitaly Korotich , editor of the trail-blazing weekly Ogonyok , Friday , Oct. 20 was a somersaulting day that turned from tension to elation . 
Now that percentage routinely equals a third and twice has been above 40 % . 
`` This is a dynamic process and we 're experiencing the first step , '' the Bonn official adds . 
Amerada Hess Corp. and Occidental Petroleum Corp. reported higher earnings . 
NCNB Corp. raised $ 1 billion in new capital during the third quarter . 
When he sells it , he says , the Cowboys will move to a more practical -- read affordable -- grass practice field near Texas Stadium . 
`` This project is ready to move , '' said State Urban Development Corp. Chairman Vincent Tese . 
Better to look in the corners for performances that inspire or amuse . 
`` We 've got to move quickly . '' 
A person can do some heavy thinking about insurance there -- and shop for something more exciting while she 's doing it . 
Both stocks have dividend yields of about 5 % and will go ex-dividend Wednesday . 
None of the diabetics were using Lilly 's insulin . 
On average , something that cost $ 100 30 years ago now costs $ 425 . 
He said Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu also is studying the possibility of a visit to the two Eastern bloc nations and to Western Europe next January . 
She has been on the move almost incessantly since last Thursday , when an army of adjusters , employed by major insurers , invaded the San Francisco area to help policyholders sift through the rubble and restore some order to their lives . 
The position of the United States , which once contributed 25 % of the budget , is that nothing has changed . 
Many South Korean business people want a devaluation instead , arguing that the won 's recent gains already have weakened the country 's export performance . 
An associate member seat was sold for $ 228,000 , up $ 8,000 from the previous sale Oct. 4 . 
Mr. Dozen knows these problems firsthand . 
For example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated , but nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million and a lower tax rate helped boost net income . 
The company said there was an additional increase in loss and loss-expense reserves of $ 71 million reflecting `` higher than expected '' development in claims legal expenses from to prior periods . 
In the chemicals segment , pretax profit rose 7 % to $ 69.2 million from $ 64.9 million . 
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label . 
A supremely cautious man , the Fed chairman is forever blinking yellow . 
DRUG WARS : 
What do you say we all close down the poker game , go home and bank the $ 16 billion ? 
`` Such a deadline is attainable , but it would have costs , '' Mr. Greenspan told Rep. Neal 's monetary policy subcommittee . 
Profit Systems , Valley Stream , N.Y. , is an air freight forwarding concern . 
People were interested in seeing him , but it was recognized that the route was through Sotheby 's and particularly George Wachter . '' 
But right now programmers are figuring that viewers who are busy dialing up a range of services may put down their remote control zappers and stay tuned . 
Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 . 
`` The focus for some time has been on the copper supply , and good demand has been taken for granted , '' he said . 
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges . 
But it has left holders of SCI TV 's junk bonds holding the bag , including some heavyweights that KKR might need to finance future deals , such as Kemper Financial Services , First Executive , Columbia Savings & Loan and Prudential Insurance Co. of America . 
Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say . 
The company , which supplies transmissions and other drive-train parts to auto makers , said about half the earnings drop came from the `` virtual collapse '' of the Venezuelan auto industry . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
The RTC has projected that it will require between $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion in temporary working capital . 
`` The problem is that while on the surface everything is all right , the question is , '' said Mr. Barakat , `` was there any structural damage to the pipelines or anything else . '' 
In national over-the-counter trading , SFE Technologies shares closed yesterday at 31.25 cents a share , up 6.25 cents . 
Its suitor , McCaw Cellular , also added 1\/2 to 40 1\/2 on 395,700 shares . 
Dinsa Mehta , chief bullion trader for Chase Manhattan Bank , said : `` There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower and gold may retain some of its ` flight to safety ' quality . 
While results were mixed in many states , `` small business got by fairly well , '' concludes Don L. Robinson , associate director of the National Federation of Independent Business , the largest small-business organization . 
I like rather tea , because it is at the end of the day . '' 
By a lopsided 97-1 margin , the Senate approved the measure after attaching further provisions sought by the influential California delegation and , despite reservations , the House adopted the bill on a 303-107 roll call . 
The 658 Chinese , who have been in a refugee-assistance center , were sent to immigration facilities yesterday pending deportation to China , the official said . 
But I feel that if somebody does n't get up and start talking about this now , the next time around , when we have the next iteration of these programs , it will still be true that everyone is scared to talk about it . 
Companies `` are n't comfortable playing these games , but they realize they 're under pressure to make their policies look good , '' says Timothy Pfiefer , an actuarial consultant at Tillinghast , a unit of Towers Perrin Co. , the big New York consulting firm . 
Food production was ahead 1.7 % from June and 5.3 % from a year earlier . 
After a three-year nightmare of uncertain oil prices , draconian budget cuts and sweeping layoffs , fear is finally leaving the oil patch . 
Esselte AB of Sweden offered $ 43.50 a share for the 22 % of the company it does n't already own . 
Concord is a camera and photographic products company . 
We are constantly faced with deciding which partnerships { with magazines } we can keep . '' 
The relationship between surface release of CFCs and global stratospheric ozone loss was identified back in 1974 . 
Japan 's production of cars , trucks and buses in September fell 4.1 % from a year ago to 1,120,317 units because of a slip in exports , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers ' Association said . 
`` It 's a very uncertain situation right now , '' said Navin Vyas , administrative assistant of trading floor operations of the exchange , which has daily volume of about 10 million shares . 
Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill-gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities . 
Mr. Guber also says in his affidavit that Mr. Daly `` told us that even if Sony did not want us , Warner 's relationship with us already was irreparably damaged , that there was no way ` to put the egg together , ' and that it would sue Sony for tons of money . '' 
Republicans have as much interest as Democrats in `` the way the system works , '' he notes . 
He said that when scientists from the two countries meet again in January in New Orleans , the Japanese will present at least three more drugs for human testing . 
Mr. Taylor , a 36-year-old state senator from Bay St. Louis , won 65 % of the vote in a district that has voted Republican in the past five presidential elections and that was once represented by Republican U.S. Sen. Trent Lott . 
The older one looks like a member of the jury for a literary award , the younger one looks like a novelist . 
Unfortunately , though , recessions vary enough in length so that the average ca n't reliably be used to guide investors in timing stock sales or purchases . 
This change comes less from a shift in public opinion , which has n't changed much on abortion over the past decade , than in the boundaries of the debate . 
Sept. 15 , 1989 : 
'' ( Investigators stress that building owners are victims , too , since boiler rooms often leave without paying rent . ) 
`` We saw good retail demand by small banks , individuals and institutions and that is one reason why the market advanced '' late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president and chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
He graduated near the top of his class , serving on the school law review with Richard Thornburgh , who went on to become governor of Pennsylvania and , now , U.S. Attorney General . 
Suppliers were also hurt by the stronger U.S. dollar , which makes sales abroad more difficult . 
Money , such as in Recruit 's political donations , and women , as in the cases of Prime Minister Sosuke Uno and Secretary General Tokuo Yamashita , seldom have caused political scandals in Japan . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. , a computer maker , announced the effectiveness of its registration statement for $ 125 million of 6 3\/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 . 
Though modest , the change reaches beyond the oil patch , too . 
Gerard E. Wood , 51 years old , was elected president , chief executive officer and a director of this minerals and materials company . 
The company does n't expect any shipping delays . 
Marshall 's ghost is satisfied for now , but he 'll be back . 
Despite a history of heated local debate on the topic , my passport clearly reads `` British citizen . '' 
Sales dropped 2 % , to $ 4.8 billion from $ 4.9 billion . 
MCA said revenue rose 14 % to $ 918.4 million from $ 806.7 million . 
For providing what his customers described as very personal and helpful service . 
`` They have the most sophisticated computers in the world , '' says Mr. LLerena . 
They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , some existing only in benign polyps , others in malignant cells and many in both polyps and malignant cells . 
The agency said Polish Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki told Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Mahmoud Vaezi of Poland 's willingess to purchase the gas during Mr. Vaezi 's current visit to Warsaw . 
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably . 
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . '' 
The cost of buying the additional 48 % stake would be 10.95 billion francs ( $ 1.74 billion ) . 
Some analysts said they believed Mr. Trump , whose towering ego had been viewed by some as a reason to believe he would n't back out , might come back with a lower bid . 
Mr. Redmond said the intruder had n't yet done any harm but the agency feared `` garbage data could be substituted for real data . '' 
Radio programs and books have followed the daily television show . 
Toshiyuki Nishimura , an analyst at Yamaichi Securities , said , `` The market sentiment is bullish , simply because there are few bad factors . '' 
Silicon Graphics also plans to unveil even less expensive machines in the near future . 
With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama , one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , to do its job of coordinating foreign policy ? 
`` The market is beginning to disassociate itself from Wall Street , '' said one New York trader . 
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems . 
`` The Georgia-Pacific bid may open the door to a new era of consolidation '' in the paper industry , said Mark Devario of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
This bug is not going to have any affect on that at all . '' 
More than $ 1.8 million is allocated for pensions and expenses for former presidents , and the budget for the official residence of Vice President Quayle is more than doubled , with $ 200,000 designated for improvements to the property . 
Compaq Computer soared 4 5\/8 to 111 1\/8 on 1.8 million shares in response to the company 's announcement of plans to introduce several products next month . 
`` People are placing small bets . 
Ms. House is vice president of Dow Jones International Group . 
Adults with AIDS have had access to AZT since FDA approved the drug 's usage for adults in March 1987 . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Chiron was up 1\/2 to 27 and Cetus gained 1\/2 to 16 3\/8 . 
`` There is nothing wrong with the company , '' says Coniston principal Paul Tierney . 
September orders for machining centers , lathes , milling machines , grinders , boring mills and other machines that shape metal by cutting totaled $ 192.9 million , down 28 % from $ 266.5 million a year earlier , but a 23 % increase from August 's $ 156.3 million , NMTBA said . 
It was Nasdaq 's biggest percentage gainer . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
Company lawyers recently sent letters to growers saying that Michael `` would take very seriously any effort ... to divert its contracted-for potatoes to other outlets . '' 
Shares of Lone Star Industries Inc. , a cement maker , rose sharply in anticipation of stepped-up demand . 
These guarantee protection against stock market declines while still passing along most gains . 
Rising operating expenses are another problem . 
Futures prices eased on indications of improvement in the industry 's labor situation . 
Chairman D.H. Hibbard said the company has set a new five year goal of doubling revenues to about $ 1.8 billion while steadily increasing net . 
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis . 
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways . 
Most expect the decline in New York stock prices to continue this week . 
Three years later , machinery producer Ateliers de Constructions Mecaniques de Vevey S.A. was to become part of the Rey empire . 
A genetically engineered version of the human protein developed by Amgen Corp. of Thousand Oaks , Calif. , recently has been marketed by the Ortho Pharmaceuticals division of Johnson & Johnson . 
A Modern Healthcare magazine article says 40 % of surveyed executives admitted falling asleep during formal presentations ... . 
SAFEWAY STORES INC. , Oakland , retail food chain , annual sales of $ 13.6 billion , some structural damage to headquarters and no power ; major problems transporting products to those stores that remained open ; no numbers on how many stores closed . 
Last year , the team ended up $ 2 million in the red on $ 30 million in revenue . 
While he is widely described as a man with deep convictions , he has few major political programs that he can call his own . 
But I loved turbans . '' ) 
That division 's manager has been fired . 
The industry 's chemical profits also declined because excess capacity has depressed prices . 
Sam Yanes , a Polaroid spokesman , said `` I do n't know about disappointing , '' but added that the company has n't been able to get the product on the shelves of some mass-merchandise , discount retailers that it had hoped would be carrying the product already . 
Mission Resource Partners lost 5 1\/4 to 14 1\/8 . 
$ 150 million of 9 % depository receipts due Nov. 27 , 1994 , priced at 101.60 to yield 9.07 % less fees , via Bankers Trust International Ltd . 
But he cautioned that Westmoreland 's third quarter is typically better than the fourth , so investors `` should n't just multiply the third quarter by four '' and assume the same rate of improvement can be sustained . 
Yesterday a spokeswoman said the company was `` pleased with our progress '' in that regard and `` hopes to provide additional details soon . '' 
Most political analysts say that if Mr. Gandhi 's opposition unites to field single candidates in most precincts , the Congress ( I ) will lose big . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 65 days ; 8.375 % 66 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
He succeeds Alfred O.P. Leubert , 66 , who continues as chairman and chief executive officer . 
Assuming full operation of the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed but is n't yet operating , equity holders would receive up to $ 500 million in cash , preferred stock and new 10-year Seabrook bonds . 
White women serve tea and coffee , and then wash the cups and saucers afterwards . 
Ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan ( U.S. naval officer and naval historian ) and Teddy Roosevelt the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom . 
It is easy to fight when you do n't have any other option . '' 
This is not the case . 
At Sept. 30 , the thrift , which converted to a stock form of ownership from a mutual form in April 1986 , had more than four million shares outstanding . 
Because the show has acquired a sense of place by being filmed on location in Georgia , this episode -- in which Althea gets raped by an arrogant white schoolteacher -- does a decent job of tracing the social repercussions of the crime . 
After watching interest in the sport plummet for years , the ski industry is trying to give itself a lift . 
Ms. Raptopoulos said the settling of strikes in Canada and Mexico will have little effect on supplies of copper until early next year . 
Advertisers already are balking at higher prices . 
My attitude is : Let 's come out of the closet . '' 
In addition , they said that months of exposure to the chemicals has left them sensitive to a wide range of commonly used substances . 
Treasury Securities 
MC SHIPPING Inc. , New York , declared an initial quarterly of 60 cents a share payable Nov. 15 to shares of record Oct. 30 . 
No , but he 's endangered all the same : His new sitcom on ABC needs a following to stay on the air . 
Three other Haagen shopping centers in the Watts area are doing almost as well . 
Between 50 % and 75 % of today 's workers are covered by such plans , up from 5 % five years ago . 
Such sales are watched closely by platinum and palladium traders because both metals are used in automobile catalytic converters . 
There are so many cunning ploys used by so many dubious operators , they say , that it is probably impossible to stop them all . 
The buyer was n't identified . 
Pricing terms were n't available . 
Mr. Corr resigned to pursue other business interests , the airline said . 
The latest figures compare with July 's 4.5 % month-to-month rise and 11.3 % year-to-year fall . 
Occidental said oil and gas earnings fell to $ 17 million from $ 20 million . 
Why is this happening ? 
Comair Holdings is the parent of Comair Inc. , a regional air carrier . 
Executives say Mrs. Coleman is very involved in the day-to-day operations , especially product development . 
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg-based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital . 
SCI TV , which is controlled by Nashville , Tenn. , entrepreneur George Gillett , owns six TV stations , including several CBS Inc. affiliates . 
`` This clearly demonstrates that Mips is a systems company rather than just a chip company , '' said Mips Vice President John Hime . 
`` I have no experience before with such sophisticated machinery , '' says Matsuo Toshimitsu , a 66-year-old executive vice president of Japan Air Lines , explaining his reluctance before accepting a terminal in his office this summer . 
The new instrument also introduced many to the industry -- 30 % of fund owners ( there are more than 54 million accounts ) started with a money fund . 
As soon as the market trades at the specified price the floor broker will fill it at the best possible price . 
Finally , IBM had to delay the introduction of some high-end disk drives , which account for 10 % of its $ 60 billion of annual revenue . 
Kidder Peabody became the most recent firm to swear off stock-index arbitrage trading for its own account , and Merrill Lynch late yesterday took the major step of renouncing the trading strategy even for its clients . 
An Asian bloc is n't intended , he said . 
A limit order to sell could be entered at that price . 
Clean Harbors , based in Quincy , said it `` will proceed expeditiously '' to submit the data requested . 
Signs of growing weakness in the economy , paired with indications that inflation is staying well under control , have caused them to wonder why the Fed chairman is so grudging in reducing rates . 
`` We 'd like to continue to reduce debt , '' President Lawrence Perlman said . 
Or at least he should . 
But in the second quarter , Salomon posted a record $ 253 million net on revenue of $ 2.33 billion . 
AMR 's chairman , Robert L. Crandall , said the results were due to an 11 % year-to-year increase in fuel prices and a slight decrease in yield , an industry measure analogous to profit margin on each seat sold . 
The electronics concern said it already has paid $ 2 million of the settlement to National Semiconductor , Santa Clara , Calif. , and will pay the remaining $ 1 million in equal installments over the next eight quarters . 
A private challenge to the monolithic tractor industry will take more time and money than Poland can spare , although a smokehouse or a local dairy can spring up fast . 
The board had also been expected to approve a SKr1.5 billion international offering of new Trelleborg shares . 
Without this basic level of attention to reality , our policies on Cuba will continue to be as counterproductive as they have for 30 years . 
Many believe that without a healthy futures exchange , Hong Kong 's aspirations to be recognized as an international financial center will suffer . 
The appointments take effect Nov. 1 . 
Mr. Thornburgh will be free to disband the strike forces after Congress approves a $ 479 million appropriation for federal law-enforcement and drug-interdiction agencies , according to David Runkel , a Justice Department spokesman . 
For the most part , the changes were `` slight . '' 
The owner was Israel Ortiz , a 29-year-old entrepreneur and father of two . 
Hens sometimes pass salmonella to the eggs , and it can also be found on unclean shells . 
Mr. Price , 61 years old , also stepped down from the board of TVS Entertainment PLC , the British TV company that last year bought MTM , producer of such TV programs as `` Hill Street Blues '' and `` The Mary Tyler Moore Show . '' 
Warner , which is in the process of being acquired by New York-based Time Warner Inc. , also said it paid the two producers a fixed annual salary of $ 3 million . 
Often the genteel , conservative , long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders : `` When angered , he cursed so forcefully that his face reddened and his pale-blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits , '' the authors say of Lehman 's Lewis Glucksman . 
And they still oppose as too costly an employer-paid health insurance bill sponsored by Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) despite his proposal to phase in small business only gradually . 
In fact , he thinks several steelmakers will report actual losses through the third quarter of 1990 . 
But Welles 's theater company turned out to have a brief -- one might say a mercurial -- existence . 
Merger Fallout : Beware Employee Dishonesty 
He said he might now sell his AMR stake , buy more shares , or make another offer at a lower price . 
`` At the end of the third quarter , there was still no evidence of renewed home building in response to the midyear decline of mortgage rates , '' Mr. Christie said . 
A Ford takeover of Jaguar would `` have such implications for the balance of power in the 1990s that General Motors ca n't afford to step aside . 
In another compartment called the Linden Bosque , 62 linden trees were to be crowded together at killing intervals of 10 or 16 feet . 
Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . 
The stock fell 75 cents . 
Franklin said it expects to report earnings for the latest quarter next week . 
`` On occasion , he paid a high price , '' Mr. Wachter concedes , but he says those who bid less and dropped out were dealers who would then have marked up the paintings to resell them at a profit to collectors . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.20 % 45 to 67 days ; 8.325 % 68 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Now it is their fellow Turks arriving as refugees from Bulgaria . 
James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds-service group , will retire . 
Martin Marietta Corp. said it won a $ 38.2 million contract from the U.S. Postal Service to manufacture and install automated mail-sorting machines . 
Sheldon B. Lubar , chairman of Lubar & Co. , and John L. Murray , chairman of Universal Foods Corp. , were elected to the board of this engine maker . 
Not surprisingly , she quickly adapted to the American way . 
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest-rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast . 
An individual familiar with the negotiations said that whatever investments the limited partners do not recoup from the $ 330 million in partnership assets , they will receive from the $ 350 million restitution fund available as a result of Drexel 's settlement with the government in December 1988 . 
They note that stocks experienced volatile swings long before futures . 
But , so far , the change of scenery has n't ended his string of bad breaks . 
Third , oil prices have n't declined although supply has been increasing . 
These include the extension of liability into areas beyond those established by judicial precedent and the expansion of liability to include punitive damages . 
In the past year , Derby International Corp. , Luxembourg , has acquired such major brands as Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki . 
The closeness of Soviet perestroika to the fascist social blueprint of Mussolini was evident when Mr. Gorbachev presented his economic vision to the Soviet Congress . 
In national over-the-counter trading , LIN shares soared $ 4.625 to closed at $ 112.625 , while McCaw fell $ 2.50 a share to $ 37.75 . 
The issue includes $ 100 million of insured senior lien bonds . 
Says Mr. Simpson : `` The script was unreadable . 
In that case , international banks and investors incurred big losses because they incorrectly believed the company 's debt carried implicit state guarantees . 
Bearings Inc. said its chairman , John R. Cunin , will retire as an officer of the company on Jan. 2 . 
Except for the loss from the hurricane , all the figures were adjusted for seasonal factors and inflation . 
Neither could be reached for comment . 
The move , subject to a definitive agreement , is part of a trend by big-city banks that have been buying up credit-card portfolios to expand their business . 
About 98 % of the outflow was transferred to other Fidelity funds , says Neal Litvack , a Fidelity vice president , marketing , with most going into money market funds . 
Among the targets of the Big Board companies ' campaign will be some corporate pension funds that use program-trading strategies to maximize returns on their investments . 
The studio says it stuck with them `` even in the early years when the creative partnership was not particularly profitable for Warner . '' 
Larsen & Toubro , for example , says it 's raising $ 570 million to use as supplier credit on large engineering jobs . 
Some Bush administration officials urged Mr. Greenspan to make an immediate public announcement of his plans to provide ample credit to the markets . 
The state began such work after a 1971 tremblor in Southern California , when numerous bridges collapsed . 
`` The best thing you can do is get off the screen , '' says Mr. Buchwald . 
WHITMAN & RANSOM recruits lawyers from disbanding firm : 
First Security Corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp. for stock valued at about $ 18 million . 
George Bush 's continued support of the tax dam sustains this strategy of pressuring Congress to make choices among competing priorities , rather than just saying yes to all the grateful special-interest constituencies that fill the PAC trough . 
Analysts at several brokerage firms lowered their 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates on the company after its third-quarter results proved disappointing . 
Blue chips , he says , `` are now being referred to as poker chips . '' 
The Supreme Court is scheduled to consider the case Nov. 3 and may issue a decision as early as Nov. 6 . 
And in some months , he buys stock-index futures and not stocks at all . 
The spaghetti is made by the Al Ghazel Macaroni Co. in Bethlehem and is marketed in a package decorated with green , black , red and white stripes . 
Arnold Celnicker Assistant Professor Ohio State University 
So it 's entirely possible that `` Look Who 's Talking '' is n't as entertaining as it seems in comparison to the turgid other films opening now . 
$ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills . 
Although it is not the first company to produce the thinner drives , which store information in personal computers , MiniScribe says it is the first with an 80-megabyte drive ; the company plans to introduce a 120-megabyte drive next year . 
The Nasdaq bank index fell 5.00 to 432.61 , while the insurance index fell 3.56 to 528.56 , and the `` other finance '' index dropped 3.27 to 529.32 . 
Electrical products ' sales fell to $ 496.7 million from $ 504.5 million with higher world-wide lighting volume offset by lower domestic prices and the impact of weaker currencies in Europe and South America . 
Republicans , meanwhile , want to try to protect the measure by combining it with two politically popular issues that Democrats could find hard to block . 
Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality , and in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , `` Frankly , McCall 's and the joint venture were an embarrassment . '' 
`` On the contrary , it shows a corporation reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely uncharted waters . '' 
Saatchi & Saatchi has attracted offers for some of its advertising units but has rejected them , sources said . 
Gerald C. Beddall , 47 years old , was named president of the Clairol division of this pharmaceuticals and health-care company . 
For the nine months , Georgia-Pacific 's earnings increased 49 % to $ 504 million , or $ 5.58 a share , from $ 338 million , or $ 3.41 a share . 
Mr. Zupan teaches at the University of Southern California 's business school . 
Succeeding him as chairman and chief executive will be Frank Lorenzo , chairman and chief executive of Continental 's parent , Texas Air Corp . 
Michael Frawley , metals trader for PaineWebber Inc. in New York , said there is good technical support between $ 1.10 and $ 1.12 a pound for December copper , which ended Friday at $ 1.1580 a pound , up 1.6 cents . 
Mr. Miller repeated that in the next six months he plans to sell another $ 200 million to $ 300 million of assets to repay debt and reduce interest costs at Wang , a minincomputer maker in Lowell , Mass . 
John Barry Ventura , Calif . 
Congress , with a measure of White House complicity , has been manipulating the spending accounts for years under the cover of omnibus appropriations bills . 
The 1988 results were restated for accounting-rules changes . 
Mr. Nahas , who single-handedly provoked a one-day closure of Brazil 's stock markets in June when he failed to honor a debt of $ 31.1 million owed to his brokers , yesterday blamed his predicament on the president of the Sao Paulo stock exchange ; a few days before Mr. Nahas 's failure , the exchange raised the required margin on stock-margin transactions . 
It said sales of home electronic products advanced 3.7 % to 44.92 billion yen from 43.34 billion yen . 
Mr. Jath is thinking of passing up psyllium altogether this year in favor of a crop with a future such as cumin or fennel . 
The broadcast and publishing company reported net climbed to $ 80.8 million , or $ 4.56 a share , from $ 62.6 million , or $ 3.55 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Sources said a `` complex and detailed '' announcement of a joint agreement between General Motors and Jaguar would be made by Jaguar `` some time in the next 2 1\/2 weeks . 
The manufacturers said 14.2 % of their spending is designed to improve products or add new ones , 17.5 % is to cut costs , 12.5 % is for research and development , and the rest is for maintenance and other purposes . 
Little wonder that Mrs. Thatcher 's opponents were so anxious to keep Mr. Lawson in office . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , PPG closed at $ 41 a share , down 37.5 cents . 
U.S. officials said the plan was flexible , and was intended as a pragmatic approach for gradually removing trade-distorting subsidies . 
Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber would avoid Union Camp . 
Mr. Bryant and other analysts hope all those moves will combine to help Tandy 's results improve in the important Christmas quarter . 
The Ministry of Transportation serves the industry , certainly not the passengers who must pay extraordinarily high prices . 
Such sudden cultural shifts may come across as a bit forced , but they seem to be genuine -- so much so , in fact , that some older employees have resisted . 
The additional spending pushes the measure more than $ 2 billion above its prescribed budget ceiling , and the House Appropriations Committee leadership must now seek a waiver in hopes of completing action today . 
`` We feel there is an opportunity for an audience that is not being served by any network , so we want to take the lead , '' says KCRA 's general manager , John Kueneke . 
The Nasdaq composite index closed down 1.05 to 459.93 on volume of 161.5 million shares . 
If we wish to be serious about American education , we know exactly what to do -- and , just as important , what not to do . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Discussing future monetary arrangements , Mr. Lawson repeated the Thatcher government 's commitment to join the exchange rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , but he did n't indicate when . 
But top sports events are still a strong bet to lure audiences 30 % or 40 % larger than those CBS usually gets . 
He bites it , scowls and throws it down . `` 
Some critics say they wo n't be quickly embraced by consumers because of the high price . 
He was back in jail over the summer on shoplifting charges . 
Bofors admits payments of $ 41 million to middlemen . 
The recent stock market drop has shaken confidence in the plan , but dealers said the shares fell initially on questions about whether Mr. Goldsmith 's highly leveraged bid will come to fruition . 
Through the first nine months of the year , Kidder ranks a distant 10th among underwriters of U.S. stocks and bonds , with a 2.8 % market share , up slightly from 2.5 % in the year-earlier period , according to Securities Data Co . 
City dwellers love them because they shift smoothly in traffic , bounce easily over curbs and roll through road glass with far fewer flat tires than racing bikes . 
But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say . 
The Westin staff had , kindly , set out lighted candles in the ballroom , prepared a cold-cuts buffet and passed around pillows and blankets . 
In 1984 , the Costa Rican government requested help to establish a radio station in the northern part of the country , flooded by airwaves of Sandinista propaganda . 
The oat-bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share . 
In July , Par and a 60%-owned unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry , as did another former Par official . 
SciMed said it `` remains committed '' both to the `` vigorous defense '' of its position that the catheter does n't infringe the Lilly unit 's patent , and to the pursuit of its own counterclaims , which allege Lilly engaged in antitrust violations and other wrongful acts . 
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire . 
The rationale for responding to your customers ' needs faster than the competition can is clear : Your company will benefit in terms of market share , customer satisfaction and profitability . 
The project , known as Lotus Mansion , has been mired in controversy . 
Litigation Sciences does n't make moral distinctions . 
For the nine months , net was $ 7.7 million , or 41 cents a share , up 97 % from $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The nagging memory of one afternoon fourteen years ago drove Jim Gideon , a lean 36-year-old righthander to take a four-month leave from selling insurance in Texas to try out for Mr. Weaver 's team . 
The backlog of undelivered orders at Northrop on Sept. 30 was $ 4.68 billion , down from $ 5.16 billion a year earlier . 
David Mullins , assistant secretary of the Treasury , said that the working capital is necessary to reduce the final costs of the bailout , by allowing the agency to sell savings and loans without their bad assets , then hold the assets until they can be sold under favorable conditions . 
The electronics maker and retailer previously estimated the sale price at between $ 100 million and $ 200 million for Datatronic 's Victor microcomputer and Micronic hand-held computer subsidiaries . 
The information company also cited the stronger dollar , the sale last year of its former Official Airline Guides unit and other factors . 
To raise more highway funds , a measure to double the state 's nine-cent a gallon tax over five years is set to appear on the state 's June election ballot . 
Net product sales accounted for $ 76 million , up from $ 57.5 million a year earlier . 
Although the personal computer maker said it expects revenue to meet or exceed previous projections of $ 385 million for the year ending Jan. 28 , 1990 , earnings are expected to be 25 cents to 35 cents a share , down from previous estimates of 50 cents to 60 cents . 
Chemical Waste Management posted the biggest increase in short volume on the New York exchange , up 3,383,477 shares to 5,267,238 . 
`` The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through , '' said Peter C. Canellos , tax partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz . 
`` It has been in what I would describe as a lull for the past several months . '' 
DIASONICS INC. , South San Francisco , maker of magnetic resonance imaging equipment , annual sales of $ 281 million , Amex , had minor damage , mostly in a stockroom . 
Unfilled orders for durable goods rose 0.4 % in September , to $ 476.14 billion , after declining for the first time in 2 1\/2 years in August . 
Control Data will receive revenue linked to the number of passengers served by the software , IATA said . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Thierry de Montbrial , director of the French Institutue for International Relations in Paris , says it is n't clear what , exactly , West Germany wants . 
Xtra said it recently bought back approximately 55,000 of its shares pursuant to its existing authorization to acquire as many as 650,000 shares . 
The preferred shares will carry a floating annual dividend equal to 72 % of the 30-day bankers ' acceptance rate until Dec. 31 , 1994 . 
The transluscent husk of the seed is removed , sifted and crushed ; the seed itself is fed to animals . 
`` I do n't know where all the buses are . '' 
\*\* As of August 30 
I was a last-minute ( read interloping ) attendee at a French journalism convention and so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by eating , drinking , smoking , sleeping and drinking . 
-- Left intact an award of $ 1.5 million in damages against Dow Chemical Co. in the death of an Oregon man from exposure to Agent Orange . 
Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 8.18 billion . 
`` Solidarity does n't care for the good of this region , '' he says after a few pleasantries . 
In June , the Chicago Board of Trade said it suspended Capcom Financial . 
`` We have no in-office business . '' 
UPS wo n't discuss its labor practices , but , according to Mr. Cleveland , a former UPS employee , and others , union work rules prohibit UPS drivers from doing more than carrying packages between customers and their vans . 
`` His side of the business has been successful in a tough environment , '' Mr. Rubel said . 
The catastrophe losses sustained by insurers this year will probably be the worst on an inflation-adjusted basis since 1906 -- when another earthquake sparked the Great San Francisco Fire . 
Fruit of the Loom slipped 1\/8 to 12 3\/8 on 501,200 shares . 
Well , not yet . 
The longstanding position of the Recording Industry Association of America , a trade group based in Washington , D.C. , is that record companies , performers , songwriters and music publishers need to be remunerated by government-imposed fees on the sale of blank tapes and recording equipment to make up for royalties lost to home taping . 
One bank stock was a winner . 
In the U.S. , the search for oil had been headed toward environmentally sensitive areas believed to have vast reserves . 
`` With a hurricane you know it 's coming . 
`` We agree with world opinion that the status quo in South Africa is morally wrong , '' says Pieter Bruwer , the Orange Workers ' chief scribe and pamphleteer . 
Western Union Corp. took steps to withdraw its proposed debt swap for $ 500 million in high-interest notes and said it is looking at other alternatives for refinancing the debt . 
New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 was up 3\/8 at 98 3\/8 bid to yield about 7.32 % , down 0.03 percentage point . 
`` The emotional aspect is so draining , they needed a good workout . '' 
Ramada Inc. revised the terms of its restructuring and extended to Feb. 28 , 1990 , the deadline to complete the sale of its hotel business to New World Development Co. of Hong Kong and Prime Motor Inns Inc. of Fairfield , N.J . 
After one year I could walk away from the Ameritas policy with $ 792 , but Id get only $ 14 from the Equitable . 
`` I suspect October was n't as good as the third quarter , and they 'll have difficulty matching the third quarter in the fourth quarter , '' Mr. Blumstein said . 
What had been a deteriorated area with nothing but wig shops and shoe shops is now experiencing a major upgrading in the housing and commercial stock , thanks to a continuously replenished source of revitalization capital that Vermont-Slauson yields . '' 
By 1982 , he was selling thousands of tires . 
State-owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties . 
Shvartzer is a derogatory Yiddish word for a black person . 
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker . 
Congressmen raised the issue yesterday at a hearing . 
Jaguar shareholders would have to bless such a far-reaching accord . 
As for Lincoln , if you ca n't guess why he 's so sweet to his sister when everybody else hates her , then I 'm not going to tell you . 
As reported , CNW agreed to be acquired by a group of investors led by Blackstone Capital Partners Limited Partnership for $ 50 a share , or about $ 950 million . 
And in addition to the $ 5,000 , he has promised the winner a `` My Favorite Bureaucrat '' plaque and offered each of two runners-up $ 500 . 
This magazine and book publisher said three men were elected directors , increasing the board to 10 . 
And Mancuso himself is investigating at the top of his lungs : `` How the hell can you live with yourself ? '' he erupts at a politician . 
The appeals involved DES , which was approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use from the 1940s until 1971 to prevent miscarriages during pregnancy . 
The crowning moment in the career of Joseph F. O'Kicki came as 300 local and state dignitaries packed into his elegant , marble-columned courtroom here last year for his swearing in as President Judge of Cambria County . 
Lloyd 's of London said it plans to clamp down on the ability of underwriting syndicates to leave their annual accounts open beyond the customary three years . 
`` It 's an attractive market with good growth opportunities , '' he added . 
Mr. Lee also reported to the president that , in a separate meeting , Communist Party chief Jiang Zemin said the Chinese leadership `` looked kindly on the students who took part in the demonstrations . '' 
Each had claimed Allianz , Europe 's largest insurance company , as a tacit ally . 
But other nations at the opening of the 49-nation meeting of Britain and its former colonies pressed for continued or stronger embargoes in an effort to end apartheid . 
For all six million workers under major collective bargaining agreements , regardless of when they were signed , wage increases in the first nine months of 1989 averaged 2.5 % -- including cost-of-living adjustments . 
By ignoring costs , U.S. strategists abdicate their responsibility for hard decisions . 
Chrysler has also launched a $ 1 billion cost-cutting program that will cut about 2,300 white-collar workers from the payroll in the next few months . 
Because of Leche Fresca 's success , he says , the joint venture is developing other dairy products tailored to Hispanic tastes . 
In lobbying on other health-coverage topics , the National Federation of Independent Business will press for legislation that would give self-employed people a 100 % tax deduction for their own health plans , up from 25 % currently . 
The economic dislocation was as abrupt as the earthquake itself , as virtually all businesses shut down . 
If the company can start to ship during this quarter , it could stem some , if not all of the red ink , he said . 
But he said JAL is talking to Lufthansa and Air France about some sort of cargo venture . 
But the 3090 line is nearly five years old -- which is getting up there in mainframe years -- and its growth is expected to slow in 1990 . 
I 'm encouraged by the action . '' 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Lockheed closed at $ 46.125 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
The problem , says Mr. D'Arcy , a psychologist , is that `` it 's very hard to get any hard measures on how stress affects job performance . 
After plummeting 1.8 % at one point during the day , the composite rebounded a little , but finished down 5.52 , at 461.70 . 
Business leaders have long criticized the agency as a leading example of bureacratic waste . 
Any raider would find it hard to crack AG 's battlements . 
Robert White , a vice president and manager of corporate trade at First Interstate of California , agreed with that view and predicted the U.S. federal funds rate will drop to between 7 3\/4 % and 8 % within 60 days from its current level at 8 13\/16 % . 
( Industrial output surged 21 % in 1988 , while inflation peaked last February at nearly 30 % . ) 
NATIONWIDE HEALTH PROPERTIES , Pasadena , Calif. , said it would n't pay its fourth-quarter dividend , despite a 44 % increase in third-quarter earnings , to $ 3.5 million , or 42 cents a share . 
`` From a cash flow point of view , British Airways is better off not being in United Airlines in the short term , '' said Andy Chambers , an analyst at Nomura Research Institute in London . 
While they have moved to the fore in underwriting fixed-income securities in the Eurobond market -- mostly for Japanese firms -- they have been only marginally profitable , if at all , in the U.S. . 
Total assets slipped to $ 31.4 billion , from $ 32 billion as of June 30 . 
The amendment , offered by Rep. Douglas Bosco ( D. , Calif. ) , was approved 283-132 during debate on a bill designed to strengthen the Transportation Department 's authority in dealing with leveraged buy-outs of airlines . 
The company said per-share earnings were slightly reduced by the sale of 4.1 million shares of treasury stock to the company 's newly formed Employee Stock Ownership Plans . 
Dentsu Inc. , the world 's largest advertising agency on the strength of its dominance in the Japanese market , is setting its sights on overseas expansion . 
Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses . 
One step is to beef up its fleet . 
Sarah Hall , an analyst at James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. , says there is n't much Cathay can do about rising costs for jet fuel , Hong Kong 's tight labor market , or the strengthening of the local currency , which is pegged to the U.S. dollar . 
Dealers said the multinational oil company was pressured by recent brokerage recommendations urging investors to switch into Shell Trading & Transport . 
The Celtona operations would become part of those ventures . 
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out-of-court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy-law protection if settlement talks fail . 
To be sure , the program has n't completely stalled . 
The study surveyed a national group of medical directors , personnel managers and employee assistance program directors about their perceptions of these problems in their companies . 
It also ordered P&G to produce more studies to buttress its claims that Metamucil can lower cholesterol . 
It expects any impact on its business to be slight . 
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking-related business . 
A Generali spokesman declined to comment on Nuovo Banco 's rejection of the insurer 's offer . 
`` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill . '' 
A pickup truck driven by a white farmer rumbles past with a load of black workers bouncing in the back . 
Even as Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. scrambled to line up bank financing for a revised version of the lapsed labor-management bid , British Airways , a 15 % partner in the buying group , indicated it wants to start from scratch . 
Because of this and the huge trade gap , the deficit in China 's current account , which measures trade in goods and services plus certain unilateral transfers of funds , is expected to widen sharply from the $ 3.8 billion deficit last year . 
Punching away , we raised what I still think were all the right issues and landed more than one hard blow , but at the end of the affair , there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target . 
But at a critical moment , stock-index arbitrage traders showed their power and control . 
CAPITAL TRAVELS to Europe as 1992 unification nears . 
Still , despite their efforts to convince the world that we are indeed alone , the visitors do seem to keep coming and , like the recent sightings , there 's often a detail or two that suggests they may actually be a little on the dumb side . 
Moreover , essential relief supplies such as ice must be distributed throughout the population because of potential health problems from spoiled food and possible outbreak of disease . 
South Korean government officials said they do n't expect that Seoul can loan money to Warsaw , but it can `` offer experience . '' 
`` People these days want something else to do besides ski and sit in the bar , '' says Don Borgeson , executive director of Angel Fire , N.M. 's Chamber of Commerce . 
Mr. Stevens said he kept a `` buy\/hold '' recommendation on the stock only because `` all the damage has been done . '' 
The Dow Jones industrials , down over 80 points in the morning , closed off 3.69 , at 2659.22 . 
Credit Agricole officials could n't be immediately reached for comment . 
The key man seems to be the campaign manager , Mr. Lynch . 
The company said its junk-bond portfolio after these moves had been reduced to less than 1 % of assets . 
Guinness 's Schenley Industries unit has increased its TV advertising in Japan and has built partnerships with duty-free shops throughout Asia , enabling it to install prominent counter displays . 
Each speaker was asked to address a specific topic , not deliver a point of view . 
Britain 's chief justice quashed the murder convictions of four people for Irish Republican Army bombings that killed seven people in 1974 . 
`` I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of American culture and political freedom and in fact it 's a killer , '' says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and a tobacco-industry critic . 
The quake postponed the third and fourth games of the World Series . 
State officials wo n't describe their position in detail , but James McLelland Smith , state securities chief , said : `` We really are still looking at it and have informed ( Drexel ) that the proposal is really not sufficient for settlement . '' 
For small companies , he says , interest rates are far more important than what happens on stock exchanges . 
The board increased to 11 seats . 
Corning 's chairman and chief executive officer , James R. Houghton , said operating performance continued to be strong in the telecommunications and health and science segments . 
Now at least there are question marks about that , and without any question the pace of growth has slowed . 
Ms. Rose is best on the early years and World War II . 
Allegany Health System -- three-part issue of $ 156.7 million of revenue bonds , tentatively priced through a Morgan Stanley & Co. group . 
If approved at a shareholder meeting in December , the number of shares outstanding would decrease to five million from 50 million , and par value would rise to 10 cents from a penny . 
Mr. Steinhardt adds that he bought USAir stock earlier this year as `` part of a fundamental investment in the airline group . '' 
A subsidiary of Britain 's Imperial Chemical Industries would buy electricity and steam from the proposed station . 
Last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million on disposition of assets and a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain waste-to-energy and other power plants . 
Likely changes include more emphasis on research , soaring advertising budgets and aggressive pricing . 
`` Stocks are n't cheap anymore , there have been some judicial and legislative changes in the merger area and all of this changes the arithmetic of deals , '' she says . 
`` Our market got hit a lot harder on Monday than the listed market , '' Mr. Bruno said . 
But is it realistic for Congress to mandate by a rigid deadline a system that has not yet been subjected to feasibility studies ? 
Among the things I learned covering the World Series these past few weeks is that the Richter scale , which measures earthquakes , is n't like the one in your bathroom . 
Inco closed at $ 31.125 a share , down 62.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
President Bush chose Martin Allday , a longtime friend from Texas , to be chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission . 
MANAGER REPLICATION FUNDS : 
He also owns courses in the U.S. and France . 
The Amira transaction is typical of the way venture-capital firms are approaching the task of commercializing biotechnology research . 
The roller-coaster stock market is making life tougher for small companies trying to raise money . 
Saab , meanwhile , is left to continue its search for an ally to shore up its sagging car business . 
The authors make a gloomy assessment of the economy and concede that `` quick and easy paths to success simply do n't exist . '' 
Last week 's uncertainty in the stock market and a weaker dollar triggered a flight to safety , he said , but yesterday the market lacked such stimuli . 
Nerds and geeks sometimes find themselves a bit isolated at Harvard . 
He is free to invest in chickens , and to fail for lack of chicken wire . 
It will be hard to do handstands until real linage starts heading back up . '' 
Since the troop withdrawal , Moscow has poured in an additional $ 200 to $ 300 million worth per month -- nearly $ 2 billion since February , equivalent to the total U.S. aid to the resistance in nine years . 
Is somebody telling us something ? 
HOMESTEAD FINANCIAL CORP. , Millbrae , financial services concern , annual revenue of $ 562 million , OTC , said three of its 17 Bay-area branches were closed yesterday . 
Over a cup of coffee , Mr. Stone told his story . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Callers will be sent educational booklets , and the call 's modest cost will be an immediate method of raising money . 
`` MCI has made hawks out of the upper echelon of AT&T , '' said PaineWebber 's Mr. Grubman , who said he expected AT&T to become increasingly aggressive in dealing with its longtime nemesis . 
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems . 
But it would probably increase the amount of cash that debt-ridden Bond Corp. would earn from the transaction . 
Western Digital does n't make the monitors . 
Inventories fell 0.3 % in August . 
He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts as Philip Morris , PepsiCo , CPC International , Reebok International , and Limited Inc . 
In its bankruptcy-law petition , filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan , Eagle said its problems began in 1987 and early 1988 when its then-senior lender , Bankers Trust Co. , reduced its credit line . 
It 's sort of a Chapter 11 situation , '' he added , referring to the U.S. bankruptcy law that protects companies from creditors while they restructure . 
The FTC first issued an administrative complaint in the case in 1985 . 
It was also at Juilliard that Mr. McDuffie discovered his predilection for conservative , 20th-century American composers such as David Diamond and Samuel Barber . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 366.50 an ounce . 
These rules , they say , permit faster and cheaper trading in futures than in stocks , which frequently knocks the two markets out of line . 
Last April , the new defense secretary , Richard Cheney , acknowledged that , `` given an ideal world , we 'd have a nice , neat , orderly process . 
First Tennessee National Corp. said it would take a $ 4 million charge in the fourth quarter , as a result of plans to expand its systems operation . 
`` The stock market is sick because profits are crumbling , '' says Michael K. Evans , president of Evans Economics Inc. , Washington . 
`` Our customers watch us for the hidden message , '' he said . 
Except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and Michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to the business information services company . 
The number working at the time of the blast was n't known . 
Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a-share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . 
Healthy thrifts such as Columbia or the junk-bond market itself should have been so lucky . 
AMERICAN BUILDING MAINTENANCE INDUSTRIES Inc. , San Francisco , provider of maintenance services , annual revenue of $ 582 million , NYSE , had some damage to headquarters and lost phone service , but operations were moved to a branch office and are running smoothly thanks to a decentralized computer system the company had developed before the quake . 
Nissan helped develop a Tokyo restaurant with both vehicles as its design theme . 
Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole named a mediator to help resolve the lengthy labor dispute between the United Mine Workers and Pittston Co . 
Today , the Treasury will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year notes . 
He said Sassy will keep its irreverent tone , but added , `` We will keep a close watch on the editorial content of the magazine . '' 
The bank holding company also reported that third-quarter profit dropped 41 % , to $ 42.7 million , or 61 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 72.3 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
The company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum additives , pharmaceuticals ingredients and polysilicon used by the semiconductor industry . 
`` There seems to be a lot of art for sale , but there 's more competition . 
`` We are being over-magazined . 
In a statement , Craig O. McCaw , chairman and chief executive officer of McCaw , said : `` We trust LIN will take no further actions that favor BellSouth . '' 
Investors have gotten burned on silver so often that they are far more partial to gold , says Urs Seiler , senior vice president at Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Because mutual fund trades do n't take effect until the market close -- in this case , at 4 p.m. -- these shareholders effectively stayed put . 
State Farm said about 25 % of its policyholders in California have also purchased earthquake insurance . 
But if the board rejects a reduced bid and decides to explore other alternatives , it could transform what has been a harmonious process into an adversarial one . 
When we go there , it 's quite different from these Hollywood places where the sandwiches are spread out on the table and the people are picking their noses . '' 
Other programs and special issues will be based on themes of health , jobs , personal finance , the best colleges , and investments . 
BIGGER THAN A BREADBOX was this cash hoarder 's reputation for honesty . 
Mr. Kamm , the China trade expert , estimates that as much as 50 % of Guangdong 's exports is made up of processed imported raw materials . 
International Paper or Weyerhaeuser could step in . '' 
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . 
On Sept. 13 , Japan began a policy of screening boat people , accepting only those deemed to be political refugees . 
Caesars World Inc. plans to defend its august reputation by sinking $ 190 million into its opulent Caesars Palace , next door to the new Mirage , and adding a $ 100 million shopping area reminiscent of Rodeo Drive . 
The computer giant 's current mainframe line , which has sold well and has huge profit margins , is starting to show its age . 
`` I think the next few quarters will be difficult , '' said Steven Milunovich of First Boston . 
How would I file ? 
Advertisers are resisting higher prices , which would help close the gap . 
One big problem has been the thoroughbred racehorse market . 
One U.S. trader , however , dismissed sterling doomsayers while acknowledging there is little immediate upside potential for the U.K. unit . 
Elaborating on the exception , it said volume and margins were lower in semiconductor and power systems operations . 
When `` The Homecoming '' was first produced on this side of the Atlantic , actors and directors were reverential . 
One of those new computers , called Sparcstation 1 , accounted for nearly half of the 28,000 systems Sun shipped in the quarter , he said . 
We 're not rushing into anything . 
Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 homes and autos and 35,000 businesses in the Bay area . 
The repurchase , coupled with an earlier buyback , will reduce the firm 's shares outstanding by over 26 % . 
In the year earlier period , the New York parent of Republic National Bank had net income of $ 38.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share . 
Robert Erwin , president of Biosource , called Plant Genetic 's approach `` interesting '' and `` novel , '' and `` complementary rather than competitive . '' 
Arrested were Jose O. Lopez , 27 years old , of Whittier , Calif. , the vault supervisor ; Carlos O. Huerta , 29 , of La Puente ; Luis A. Arroyo , 36 , of Los Angeles ; Ignacio Rojas Jr. , 32 , of Baldwin Park ; Doris Moreno , 37 , of Bell Gardens ; and Ana L. Azucena , 27 , of Huntington Park . 
Shortly after the UAL opening , program traders started selling stocks in the Major Market Index and S&P 500 index . 
What about triple-A-rated asset-backed issues ? 
Edisto currently is the general partner of NRM . 
`` But , at least , back then they did n't generally direct their anger at each other . '' 
Neither side showed any sign of retreating . 
So Steve Milunovich at First Boston said he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $ 2 a share from $ 3 . 
Automated machines coextrude long plastic sheaths with graphite-plastic cores that are printed , cut , painted and eraser-fitted . 
The offering , Series 1989-82 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities and used at-market pricing . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.63 % . 
Instead , the group is raising the proposal informally to try to test the board 's reaction . 
Who was doing all the selling ? 
BROWN-FORMAN Corp . ( Louisville , Ky. ) -- 
IMELDA MARCOS asks for dismissal , says she was kidnapped . 
Unfortunately , they are in the minority . 
Mr. Cano is president of El Espectador , a newspaper founded by his grandfather . 
`` Investors are n't going to be throwing money at any of the proposed LBOs , but doing deals on the basis of ridiculous assumptions never made sense , either . '' 
These firms sold stock into the big morning decline , but seeing the velocity of the market 's drop , held back on their offsetting purchases of futures until the S&P futures hit the trading limit . 
We 'll raise it through { new } equity . 
Says she : `` Once you add dramatizations , it 's no longer news , it 's drama , and that has no place on a network news broadcast ... . 
The Illinois Attorney General won a court order to prevent the couple from raising further funds without MADD 's permission . 
The split comes in the midst of a court battle over whether the San Diego Yacht Club should be allowed to keep the international trophy for sailing a catamaran against the New Zealand challengers ' 90-foot monohull . 
Chief Executive Officer Michael Carpenter said that despite the outcry even by some of Kidder 's own brokers , he believes index arbitrage does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole . 
So it was n't surprising that Mr. Jones returned to his Arkansas roots when he went looking for a replacement for Mr. Landry . 
GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30 % stake and joint manufacturing ventures . 
If there 's going to be a race to the courthouse , it has n't started yet . 
CIA chief William Webster , hardly a Washington malcontent , got the debate started last week by noting that the executive order banning assassinations had contributed to U.S. paralysis during the coup . 
`` Such bonds are very sensitive to the downside , and this could be a disaster . '' 
Most economists expect the slowing U.S. economy to curb demand for imports . 
Sibra Products Inc. , Greenwich , Conn. , awarded its Cardinal Amber Light beer account to Heidelberg & Associates , New York . 
Not only is the typical Glasswork open-ended , it is also often multiple in its context ( s ) . 
The restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas . 
In March 1989 , just 15 months into his campaign , Mr. Paul was named by Art & Antiques magazine as one of the top 100 individual collectors in the U.S. . 
In my research , I have found a paper by Joseph Scotto of the National Cancer Institute and several colleagues reporting an 11-year decrease in UV-B radiation at eight U.S. measurement sites . 
`` Canada could do plenty of things to get serious about Latin America without running the risk of getting caught in the cross fire '' between the U.S. and Latin American members of the OAS , said Jeffrey Simpson , a columnist in Toronto 's Globe & Mail newspaper . 
Cost is a key consideration because of the global sweep of the financial markets . 
`` I am ready at any moment to compete with a state farm . '' 
The Pentagon 's strategists produce budgets that simply can not be executed because they assume a defense strategy depends only on goals and threats . 
Mr. Pearce has also encouraged his staff to work more closely with GM 's technical staffs to help prevent future litigation . 
And in financial markets , irrational behavior is sometimes translated into catastrophe . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , ITT common stock fell 62.5 cents to close at $ 58.75 a share . 
Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association and writes an industry newsletter , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in the workplace , as well as on street corners , in airports and malls , and at conventions and other gatherings where weary people can be found . 
The most extensive damage was in small towns near the quake 's epicenter , 80 miles south of San Francisco . 
The appeals court held : `` When a distinctive voice of a professional singer is widely known and is deliberately imitated in order to sell a product , the sellers have appropriated what is not theirs . '' 
Their report galvanized other molecular biologists . 
Bristol-Myers said net income rose 15 % to $ 266.2 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 232.3 million , or 81 cents a share , a year earlier . 
October was an edgy month for the practitioners of glasnost , the official Soviet policy of allowing more candor from the nation 's media . 
Bill Wames Sr. , 72 , is Catholic too , but unfazed by Mr. Florio 's stand on abortion . 
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade-off ... . 
Another important revision of department policy is a new guideline warning prosecutors `` not to take steps that would harm innocent third parties '' in a case brought under the racketeering law , the official , David Runkel , said . 
Separately , Mr. Brady said he asked the Working Group on Financial Markets to determine whether futures margins are too low . 
Corporate Issues 
As a result of dropping the liquidation plan , shareholders will have to treat dividends received this year as ordinary income or capital gains rather than as tax free returns of capital , the company said . 
The Soviets should be willing to set in motion a process that would allow them to acknowledge that Sverdlovsk violated the 1972 agreement or , alternatively , that would give U.S. specialists reasonable confidence that this was a wholly civilian accident . 
Recently , some 60 environmental and outdoor groups representing such divergent points of view as the Sierra Club , the League of Women Voters and the National Rifle Association joined together to request a reassessment of the environmentally unsound Central Utah Project . 
The average two-year and five-year jumbos were up 0.02 of a percentage point to 7.91 % and 7.96 % , respectively . 
At the center of any court fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between Warner and the two producers , but other murkier issues will play a big role . 
After discovering that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitimate user named Joe Sventek , he rigged up an alarm system , including a portable beeper , to alert him when Sventek came on the line . 
At the recent meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund , the Bush administration announced its intention to decide by yearend the size of the next increase in the IMF 's capital base . 
Some big companies have teams of in-house experts focusing on safety and business resumption . 
While few lawmakers anticipated that the humanitarian aid would be cut off next month , Mr. Ortega 's threat practically guarantees that the humanitarian aid will be continued . 
Although such sessions may never replace coffee breaks , on-site massage , as it is known in the trade , is certainly infiltrating corporate America . 
Others question the impact on Chivas 's upscale image of a promotion that has customers soaking off labels . 
The company had retained the Fluor Daniel unit of Fluor Corp. as general contractor . 
In the lingo of computer security , the NASA intruder is technically a computer worm , Mr. Redmond said . 
Yesterday , Compaq plunged further , closing at $ 100 a share , off $ 8.625 a share , on volume of 2,633,700 shares . 
`` There is some feeling here that the cuts are the way to go . 
The decline broke a streak of 10 quarters in which Dow posted earnings increases . 
One reason , they said , was that the official reports on the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a cause . 
He assumed that principal and interest were `` fully insured up to $ 100,000 , '' he adds . 
The latest drop followed a decision by British Airways , which had supported the $ 300-a-share buy-out offer for UAL from a labor-management group , not to participate in any revised bid . 
`` He is going to pursue other interests , '' Mr. Jahn said . 
Gregory Damonne Brown of Fremont , Calif. , a hardworking , reclusive young bachelor , told that story to the Tax Court . 
The reconciliation talks in the Libyan desert town of Tobruk followed a meeting Monday in the Egyptian resort of Mersa Metruh . 
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % . 
Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third-quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . 
This is an index fund with a bet . 
Abortion alone ca n't explain this shift , but New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate . 
It belonged to her grandfather . 
The sales job seems to be paying off : When he bought the team , only six of the suites had been sold . 
But this could be a case where we all might go broke if it is n't fixed . 
`` He did n't say much , but what he said was important because it 's not in the score . 
He will succeed Charles L. Harrington , chairman and chief executive officer , who retired last month . 
UAL management was to pay $ 15 million for 10 % , and British Air was to receive a 15 % stake . 
According to one dealer , Japan said it has only 40,000 tons of sugar remaining to be shipped to it this year by Cuba under current commitments . 
Holiday said Salomon Brothers Inc. has been retained to act as the dealer-manager and financial adviser in connection with the offer and solicitation . 
I had underestimated , however , both Mr. Gelbart 's wit and the persistence of scandal in Washington . 
A portion of the report containing names of the middlemen is withheld by officials citing bank secrecy requirements . 
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities . 
But institutional investors may wait a little longer to appraise the direction of the U.S. monetary policy and the dollar , traders said . 
Over the last 20 years , for example , Mr. Brouwer says , an investor putting $ 5,000 a year in the S&P 500 would have made nearly twice as much than if it were invested in Treasury bills . 
Using reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , chips made by Intergraph of Huntsville , Ala. , the system splits the image it `` sees '' into 20 digital representations , each processed by one chip . 
Last Tuesday , Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services Inc. unit said it would no longer trade with firms committed to stock-index arbitrage , including the three that later suspended stock-index arbitrage trading on Friday . 
In 1807 , the Swiss mathematician who headed the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey made an `` iron meter '' that he had brought from Europe the standard of measure . 
University professors and consultants with scientific credentials saw a huge market for their services evaporate when price decontrol destroyed the energy crisis and thus the demand for `` alternative energy . '' 
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index finished 19.2 points higher at 2189.3 . 
The merger must be formally approved by the partners of both firms but is expected to be completed by year end . 
The family moves to another house at night to conceal shabby belongings from neighbors . 
Economists said the bond market 's strength also is a sign that investors expect the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates amid growing evidence that the economy is slowing . 
Smaller chains and single-store operators will be the first to fail , many in the industry predict . 
But as the Dinkins campaign hit tough times this month , Andrew Cuomo , the politically seasoned son of the New York governor , is also said to have taken a more active role on strategy . 
Profit was $ 5.2 million , compared with $ 1 million for the year-ago quarter . 
Officials familiar with the meeting said Mr. Bush cited the policy as an example of the sort of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of such covert actions as this month 's futile effort to oust Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega . 
British Gas finished at 197 , down 2 , on 13 million shares , British Petroleum fell 8 to 291 on 9.4 million shares , and British Telecom was 4 lower at 261 on turnover of 10 million shares . 
It is an aftershock , one of about 2,000 since the earthquake , and it makes her uneasy . 
The letter of credit typically is not offered by the bank selling the assets to back the securities . 
They conceded that the odds favored Mr. Kasparov , but they put their hope in D.T. 's recently enhanced capacity for examining positions -- up to a million per second , from 720,000 . 
Crude oil futures prices fell further as analysts and traders said OPEC oil producers are n't putting the brakes on output ahead of the traditionally weak first quarter . 
Paribas shares closed down 30 francs at 610 francs , and Navigation Mixte shares were suspended at 1,800 francs pending the outcome of the bid . 
Statistics on acquisitions by foreigners vary in detail , because unlike Sansui , which is listed on the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges , most of the Japanese companies acquired by foreigners are privately held . 
Polysilicon is used in making integrated circuits . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
After the market closed Tuesday , the American Petroleum Institute had reported that crude stocks increased by 5.7 million barrels in the week ended Friday , which traders viewed as bearish . 
Continued strength in the dollar was cited as one reason the trade position may deteriorate . 
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia-Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable . 
Mideast politics have calmed down and the squabbling within the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries seems under control for now . 
Japan suspended imports of French mushrooms after finding some contaminated by radiation , an official of the Ministry of Health and Welfare said . 
He has leather jackets from Turkey that are lined with eel skin and topped off with raccoon-skin collars . 
Meanwhile , sterling slumped on news that the United Kingdom posted a wider-than-expected trade deficit in September . 
The action follows Federal Express Corp. 's acquisition of Flying Tiger Line Inc. in August . 
But Mr. Dinkins 's sense of pragmatism often comes across more as an insider 's determination not to upset the political apple cart . 
Next October , CBS , for the first time , wo n't have to start the season against the much-watched American and National baseball league championships and the World Series . 
Though the play clearly is framed around the events of Iran-Contra , it takes in the wide sweep of scandals over the past 30 years . 
Since the end of last year , junk bonds have been outperformed by all categories of investment-grade bonds , including ultra-safe Treasury securities . 
Mr. Turner said the test initially will be used in conjunction with biopsies and other tests , but eventually might become the benchmark for tumor analysis . 
But U.S. officials say they are n't satisfied these incidents constitute terrorism because they may be offshoots of the intifadah , the Palestinian rebellion in the occupied territories , which the U.S. does n't classify as terrorism . 
Conservatives now hold only a 5-4 edge . 
Chemical said Steven Edelson resigned recently , but one individual close to the situation said the resignation was forced . 
The initial costs are said to be in the $ 2 billion a year range , but that 's only the beginning . 
The blasts blew out windows , spewed debris for miles and crumpled the ceiling in an area elementary school . 
Or , the investor can exercise the put , by tendering the stock to his or her broker in return for payment from another investor who has sold a put on the same stock . 
Because of the difficulty of assessing the damages caused by the earthquake , Aetna pulled together a team of its most experienced claims adjusters from around the country . 
`` These guys wanted to do something to show how powerful they are . '' 
The difference between the price and the face value payable at maturity is the investor 's return . 
The schools ' central mission , educating children , became subsumed by the competing interests of bureaucrats , politicians and unions . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
The company noted that its third-quarter results should be released later this week or early next week . 
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . ) 
A formal House-Senate conference is expected to ratify the accord later this week . 
Eastern at the time disputed those assessments and called the experts ' report `` completely off base . '' 
The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , office products and hardware , and home-improvement products , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , or $ 1.71 a share , from $ 146.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , a year earlier . 
`` If that continues , a significant number of { U.S. . } companies will go over there to raise money . '' 
Some consultants had insisted it would n't work . 
Lotus Development Corp. feeds its evaluations into a computer , but only for storage ; the decisions are made by supervisors . 
On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
`` Everytime we talked about Blinder International , { people } thought it was the brokerage house . '' 
As the yield on New York general obligation bonds rose , the Bond Buyer 20-bond general obligation index , the mostly widely followed gauge of the tax-exempt market , held steady at 7.19 % in the week ended Oct. 19 . 
ITEL CORP. reported third-quarter earnings , which were mistakenly shown in the Quarterly Earnings Surprises table in yesterday 's edition to be lower than the average of analysts ' estimates . 
NEC said first-half computer sales totaled 555.5 billion yen , up 11 % from 500.26 billion yen a year earlier . 
Caltrans plans to add a second deck for buses and car pools above the median of a 2.5-mile stretch of the Harbor Freeway just south of Los Angeles , near the Memorial Coliseum . 
That trend , and Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture . 
`` If we get a decent rally { today } , maybe the buyers will come back . '' 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
`` The equity decision will come when the client is ready and when there 's a semblance of confidence . '' 
So far this year , 534,000 newly built homes have been sold , down 4.5 % from the like months of 1988 . 
These figures are n't seasonally adjusted . 
Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood , and transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents , producers , actors , writers and sycophants . 
Still , Mr. Birnbaum says his relationship with Guber Peters was `` one of the most successful I 've had in Hollywood . '' 
DIALING DOLLARS : 
FEDERAL JUDGE ALCEE HASTINGS of Florida , facing impeachment , received an unanticipated boost yesterday . 
In recent days , traders say USAir has been buying its own shares , as part of a program to retire about eight million USAir shares , though the carrier wo n't discuss its buy-back program . 
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities . 
Many of the RJR securities , which had been trading near their 52-week lows earlier in the session , bounced back after the company 's announcement that it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle Foods , a unit of the Swiss-based food concern . 
Proceeds of the sale will go to Centerior 's operating subsidiaries to finance the projects , located at a nuclear unit located near Cleveland . 
Sales for the company , based in Abbott Park , Ill. , rose 8.3 % to $ 1.31 billion from $ 1.21 billion . 
The board expanded to 17 seats . 
The $ 14 billion of reserves China had in June would cover just that much . 
Unlike those awful Republican consultants , Members do n't profit directly from HUD projects . 
Keeping the mood light , the two then chanted and chortled their way through some murderous polyrhythms , devised by Mr. Douglas as an alternative to Hindemith 's dry theory-teaching techniques , and then , with Mr. Gomez , soared and improvised on the composer 's tight `` Bebop Etudes . '' 
Says Mr. Riese of National Restaurants : `` If you resisted on prices , maybe you would never get that telephone call about a new franchise . 
Spokesmen at Drexel and First Executive said the companies had n't yet been served with the suit . 
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees . 
Tokyo stocks rebounded Tuesday from two consecutive daily losses in relatively active dealings . 
Stroking his trademark white goatee during a recent interview , the diminutive Swede quips : `` It turned out to be lucky for us . 
Net income at Mobil Corp. slipped 4.5 % to $ 532 million , or $ 1.30 a share , from $ 557 million , or $ 1.36 a share . 
Three minutes into the massage , the man curled up , began shaking and turned red . 
The managers do n't expect to complete the evaluation until Nov. 30 . 
Wow ! 
Sen. Alan Cranston trekked over to the House side of Capitol Hill a few days ago and volunteered his testimony to fellow Democrat Rep. Henry Gonzalez . 
Among the big stock funds , Dreyfus Fund , with more than $ 2 billion in assets , had a decline of just 1.49 % for the week and a return of 21.42 % for the year . 
Other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts , including both the capital-gains and IRA provisions . 
Rickey Henderson , the do-everything leadoff man , had nine hits and set or tied four-game Series marks for triples ( 2 ) and stolen bases ( 3 ) . 
Treasury Undersecretary David Mulford defended the Treasury 's efforts this fall to drive down the value of the dollar , saying it helped minimize damage from the 190-point drop in the stock market Oct. 13 . 
Voters in the same age group backed Democrat Florio 55 % to 29 % over Republican Courter . 
In 1988 , it earned $ 2.82 billion Hong Kong ( US$ 361.5 million ) on revenue of HK$ 11.79 billion . 
At such prices , according to Mr. Savaiko , bargain hunting and short-covering -- buying back of contracts previously sold -- by speculators is n't uncommon . 
And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image . 
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 . 
It told prosecutors not to seek forfeitures if there are `` less intrusive '' alternatives , such as bonds , and in any case not to seek forfeitures `` disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
Harken , which made its offer in August , said it still is awaiting a response to its offer from Tesoro 's board . 
The technology sector of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index has risen only about 6.24 % this year , while the Nasdaq Composite Index has gained 18.35 % . 
The Japanese discount rate is the central bank 's base rate on loans to commercial banks . 
The eucalyptus plantation and pulp mill , which would have covered about 175,000 acres in the Irian Jaya region , had been approved by Indonesia 's investment board . 
Since the last time he traveled this way several months ago , he has recanted a series of bold forecasts of a recession . 
Continental Airlines is a unit of Texas Air Corp . 
`` Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories , '' he says , `` but boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes and bottled water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances . '' 
The House Energy Committee will debate the issue later this month . 
`` I just ca n't believe that the innovations in the financial market are causing any of this volatility , '' he says . 
Still , Akzo has n't yet found a way to achieve another goal : a large presence in the U.S. market for prescription drugs . 
The computer processes 55 million instructions per second and uses only one central processing chip , unlike many rival machines using several processors . 
The removal of Mr. Honecker was apparently the result of bitter infighting within the top ranks of the Communist party . 
Katherine Voss , a veteran trainer at the Laurel , Md. , track , offers neophytes a sobering tour of a horse barn , noting that only three of about a dozen horses have won sizable purses . 
AVX Corp. and Unitrode Corp. said they completed the previously reported sale of Unitrode 's San Diego-based Passive Components division to AVX . 
The Tokyo camera maker said net income more than doubled to 5.85 billion yen , or 16.08 a share , from 2.63 billion yen , or 7.24 yen a share . 
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history . 
The Phillips facility manufactures polyethylene , polypropylene and K-resin , plastics used in a wide array of applications , including milk jugs and toys . 
`` It 's hard to see how an investment by the largest { cable operator } in the weaker of the two networks is anti-competitive , when the stronger of the two networks is owned by the second largest '' cable operator , Mr. Kern said . 
The proposal , however , was immediately rebuffed by Arby 's parent , DWG Corp . 
With the stock market wobbly and dollar buyers discouraged by signs of U.S. economic weakness and the recent decline in U.S. interest rates that has diminished the attractiveness of dollar-denominated investments , traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position . 
A spokeswoman said the apparel market troughed in the first half of 1988 , then began showing improvement in the second half of last year . 
A spokesman for LTV Steel , which is a unit of Dallas-based LTV Corp. , noted that steel prices , adjusted for inflation , increased only 1.7 % between 1981 and the fourth quarter of 1988 , while the prices of other industrial commodities increased nearly five times as much . 
( Mr. Garrison notes , however , that the Garfield tomb is one of the nation 's premier examples of Romanesque architecture . ) 
U.S. and northern European diplomats confirm Mr. Korotich 's assessment that glasnost is in no immediate danger . 
That 's how the stock-picking game is shaping up for the months ahead , according to money managers and a few brokers . 
JKD : 
After three Sagos were stolen from his home in Garden Grove , `` I put a big iron stake in the ground and tied the tree to the stake with a chain , '' he says proudly . 
`` There are a lot more downward than upward revisions and it looks like people are questioning corporate profits as a means of support for stock prices , '' she says . 
For instance , Ken Gregory , a San Francisco money manager , calculates that if an investor holds a basket of stocks that tracks the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , the chance of losing money is 3 % to 4 % over a 10-year period , compared with 15 % over three years and 30 % over one year . 
New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust -- $ 75,075,000 of various bonds , including $ 40.86 million Wastewater Treatment insured bonds , Series 1989A , and $ 34,215,000 Wastewater Treatment bonds , Series 1989B , via competitive bid . 
Now , Jerusalem says it is backing up its contention with detailed accounts of alleged terrorist acts and plans linked to Mr. Arafat . 
Coupled with his current 1.2 million shares and 4 % held by an associate , the stake would have given him control of 55 % of the concern . 
Prior to 1932 , the pattern was nearly the opposite . 
The Treasury 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 23\/32 to 112 10\/32 to yield 10.03 % . 
Drexel 's proposed state fines have been based on a state 's population and on the size of Drexel 's business in the state . 
But the pullout is an embarrassment to New York City officials , coming at a time of high office building vacancy rates and departures by other major companies . 
I think these regulations that would prohibit well-operated programs in areas across this country would be wrong to change ... . 
Solving the global environmental problems we all face will require an unprecedented level of cooperation and communication among industry , policy makers and the scientific community world-wide . 
Mr. Whitford drew on voluminous news media coverage of the SMU scandal , and on a university internal investigation . 
Mr. Noriega 's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests . 
Japanese domestic institutions , including trust banks and investment management firms , that had been on the sidelines during Monday 's fall were back in the market , analysts said . 
But Ms. Bertussi asked , `` Who in their right mind is going to file another complaint with the Ethics Committee ? '' 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of its new guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
Toyota Motor Corp. , which opened a plant in Georgetown , Ky. , last year , saw sales triple to 6,256 vehicles . 
Meanwhile , a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June . 
Instead , the tests will focus heavily on new blends of gasoline , which are still undeveloped but which the petroleum industry has been touting as a solution for automobile pollution that is choking urban areas . 
Indeed , one of his first actions as leader was to visit a gritty machine factory on the outskirts of Berlin and wander among the workers -- a la Gorbachev . 
Among the types of cases the in-house litigators handle are disputes involving companies doing business with GM and product-related actions , including one in which a driver is suing GM for damages resulting from an accident . 
The judge , they say , was fiercely proud of his abilities and accomplishments . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
That , in turn , could substantially reduce the value of the television assets . 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 . 
Since then , deliveries have slumped . 
Some become pseudo-lobbyists . 
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation . 
The Decatur , Ga. , trade group has issued a `` briefing book '' that claims the machine is `` a health hazard '' and that Mr. Maynard is trying `` to make a fast buck at the expense of the nation 's egg producers . '' 
The subsidiary , Bumiputra Malaysia Finance Ltd. , was left with M$ 2.26 billion in bad loans made to Hong Kong property speculators . 
During the Monday market rebound , a New York exchange spokesman told Cable News Network viewers that the industrial average had turned down 70 points . 
Once again , the indomitable peasant holds Poland 's future in his hands . 
In January 1988 , the utility filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , allowing it to continue to operate while protected from creditors ' lawsuits . 
In that time more than 1.2 million jobs have been created and the official jobless rate has been pushed below 17 % from 21 % . 
Grace said it did n't invest any additional capital in the venture , which will be known as Grace-Sierra Horticultural Products Co . 
Investors were willing to gamble on new technologies because `` we had exclusive rights to those technologies , '' he adds . 
Inside the grid were 24 of these plant cells jammed full of clutter . 
Both companies will replace the oil filler cap with a ventilated oil filler cap . 
SciMed said the appeals court remanded the case back to the district court for further proceedings . 
The raiders , meanwhile , have evolved their own pattern for spending their new millions . 
His brother , Parkhaji , whose head is swathed in a gorgeous crimson turban , nods vigorous assent . 
In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive . 
But the Beebes did n't come to that conclusion until time limits had elapsed for adding the adhesives maker as a defendant in the case , Ms. Adams said . 
This hardly sounds like an anti-homosexual screed . 
110 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with an indicated 0.25 % coupon at par , via Bank Leu Ltd . 
At about 10:10 a.m. EDT , the market abruptly turned upward on stock-index arbitrage buy programs . 
George Marshall 's ghost is much more difficult to keep happy . 
Also in active trading , British Steel fell 1 to 124 as 20 million shares changed hands . 
Intelogic holds 27.5 % of Datapoint 's common shares outstanding . 
There are no easy choices in Cambodia , but we ca n't imagine that it benefits the U.S. to become the catalyst for an all-too-familiar process that could end in another round of horror in Cambodia . 
At the time , though , in 1979 , the U.S. was once again flirting with its longtime Latin American spy . 
The garage owners say they would benefit because car owners would be less likely to go back to dealers for the simpler repairs after two years . 
By repeatedly drawing the jury 's attention to the arm , the defense lawyers planted doubt about the origin of the woman 's injuries . 
Auto shares were mixed , as Daimler-Benz firmed 2 to 723 , Bayerische Motoren Werke lost the same amount to 554 , and Volkswagen inched down 1.4 to 451.6 . 
`` It now looks like database IV Version 1.1 is n't going to be { widely } available until the first quarter of 1990 , '' said David Bayer , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco . 
`` Parties are rather a state of mind , '' she said , pausing only to taste and pass judgment on the Georgian shashlik ( `` a little well done , but very good '' ) . 
Traders said thrifts have stepped up their mortgage securities sales as the bond market has risen in the past two weeks . 
In Laos , when the Western powers bowed to pressure for such a coalition it turned out they were opening the door to communist domination . 
The ARCO plan takes into account such details as which aspects of business are busier at certain times of the year . 
Revenue : $ 1.71 billion 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 981.7 million from $ 934.7 million . 
The money manager is controlled 67.7 % by its top officers and top officers of Oppenheimer & Co. , a securities firm . 
`` It also means if you have a real drop-off in orders , production will likely fall off very quickly because there is less to keep things going . '' 
An ancient red-figured Greek kylix , or drinking cup , was recovered backstage at Sotheby 's this spring and has been returned to the Manhattan couple who lost it in a burglary three years ago . 
At the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California , new experiments indicated that the lithium added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously unsuspected electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons might have misinterpreted , reported Philip Ross from the California laboratory . 
Sir John noted that GM , a longtime Jaguar supplier , agrees `` we should remain an independent company . '' 
The thrift hired an investment banker earlier this month to advise it regarding a possible sale or merger . 
`` The proposal , while well-intended , I think can be dangerously misleading because the likely consequence would be to weaken , rather than strengthen the control the SEC has exercised for 50 years over the financial adequacy and viability of broker-dealers , '' Michael Raoul-Duval , managing director of First Boston , said in an interview . 
GM Class H , which represents a dividend interest in Hughes earnings , closed at $ 29 , up 25 cents in Big Board composite trading . 
Still , some lawyers say the mergers slowdown has n't affected foreign buyers as much as domestic ones . 
New types of financing must make funds available without draining Poland 's hard-currency reserves . 
Under other laws applying to pesticide use , however , that same chemical could be allowed to be used on fresh food if it fell within the EPA 's tolerance level . 
The outstanding example of this was the motorist on the Bay Bridge who had the presence of mind to take out a video camera at the absolutely crucial moment and record the car in front as it fell into the gap in the roadway . 
Most New York judges are elected , and the federal age-discrimination law does n't apply to elected officials , said James L. Lee , regional attorney for the EEOC in New York . 
Akio Tanii , president of Japan 's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. , presented the U.S. consul general in Osaka with a $ 1 million check to help San Francisco 's earthquake victims . 
In a case involving Avondale Industries Inc. and its insurer , Travelers Cos. , the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York ruled in favor of the company on two issues that lawyers say are central to dozens of pollution cases around the country . 
It 's doubtful , though , whether circuit breakers do any real good . 
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices . 
Mercury also is shrinking itself , part of its plan to change its emphasis from buying mortgage loans from mortgage brokers to making loans directly . 
As part of the transaction , Edisto agreed to give Mesa , an Amarillo , Texas , oil and gas partnership managed by T. Boone Pickens Jr. , a seat on its board . 
First , its position in the government is anomalous . 
`` This is beautiful stuff , '' he says , looking ruefully at big boxes of just-picked Red Delicious next to his barn . 
Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions and regulatory approvals , the company said . 
This follows earlier new guidelines from the Tax Division prohibiting Princeton\/Newport-like tax cases from masquerading as RICO cases . 
John Mack promptly quit his job last spring as an aide to Speaker Wright amid public outrage over Mr. Mack 's violent attack on a young woman when he was 19 years old . 
Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer . 
The central offices for both regions were previously located in Ludwigshafen , Basf headquarters . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at a price of 99 26\/32 to yield 8 % , compared with 99 25\/32 to yield 8.01 % . 
`` There 'll be fewer and fewer deals . '' 
Exhibit A is last week 's House vote to fund 40 pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that is at the heart of the HUD scandal . 
Prices have averaged more than $ 2 a barrel higher than that -- not a windfall , but at least a pleasant bonus for them . 
As policy-makers draw up proposals for the next five-year plan , which starts in 1991 , the blueprint represents a powerful first shot in what is likely to be a fierce battle over economic reform . 
Really -- one has to ask oneself -- what dignity is there in that ? '' 
`` I bought from willing shareholders . '' 
Mr. Krenz is not only closely identified with his mentor , Mr. Honecker , but also blamed for ordering violent police action against protesters this month and for praising China for sending tanks against student demonstrators . 
That 's based on a multiple of anywhere between 8.5 to 10 times UAL earnings , which are estimated to come in somewhere around $ 16 a share this year . 
Notes , which is designed for advanced computers that display graphics , allows mail senders to put different logos on their mail . 
In a statement prepared by lawyers for the university and Connaught , the parties said they agreed that as a result of reaching a C 415 million research accord , `` It is unnecessary that there be a judgment on the merits { of the case } at this time . '' 
The changes apply to prosecutions brought under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law . 
Rates approach 6.5 % on five-year municipals . 
It might force Congress and the states to narrow the death penalty only to convictions shown to be relatively free of racial imbalance -- murders by repeat offenders who torture their victims , perhaps . 
In the Northeast , however , sales declined 0.4 % in the period , with sales in New England falling 2.6 % . 
Michael Eskridge , president of CNBC , said that although there will be a studio audience , viewers will no longer have to endure the shouting of `` Mort ! Mort ! Mort ! '' 
Brush Wellman Inc. said its board increased the number of shares of common stock to be purchased under a previously authorized program to 3.9 million from 2.9 million . 
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million . 
G. William Ryan , president of Post-Newsweek Stations , was named chief executive officer of the unit of this media company , effective Jan. 1 . 
Jaguar shares stood at 405 pence before Ford 's initial announcement , but the subsequent takeover frenzy has driven them up . 
`` The philosophy is to make the patient and the family very responsible for a portion of their own care , '' says Anthony J. Grieco , medical director of cooperative care at New York University Medical Center , where the concept began 10 years ago . 
c - Translated at Commercial Rand exchange rate . 
People on fixed incomes get a break at Espre ; over 55 wins a 45 % discount at Anaheim Imperial Health Spa . 
That total would be important for Drexel . 
Kerr-McGee said it has purchased 3,350 acres from the federal government in Clark County and plans to begin construction early next year . 
However , even USX executives who work closely with him are n't sure about his long-term goals . 
Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more . 
It `` really looks beautiful and is very light , '' says Ann Hornaday , a free-lance writer who has visited the office for lunch meetings . 
It sounds like the work of a decade , but the deadline is late 1991 , when Mrs. Thatcher is expected to call another national election . 
Two other money managers , in explaining why they have sold large amounts of H&R Block stock this year , spoke on the condition they not be named . 
Asahi officials could n't be reached for comment . 
`` I think there 's overwhelming evidence to indicate probable criminal activity , '' said Mr. Meek , who participated last year in an examination of the Irvine , Calif. , thrift . 
He adds : `` We , and the rest of the EC have to talk to the Germans , now , frankly and raise these future risks with them . '' 
Xtra , a transportation leasing company , said in a statement it would have no comment on Mr. Gintel 's plans until `` further information has been disclosed by him . '' 
South Korea and Japan continue to be profitable . 
The agreement also provides for potential payments of additional proceeds to National Aluminum over the next two years , depending on the plant 's shipping levels . 
A sharp reduction in inflation was by far the brightest spot in the report on the real gross national product -- the inflation-adjusted market value of all the goods and services the economy produced . 
Sales rose 12 % to $ 249.5 million from $ 222.8 million . 
`` There is n't a boatload { of big investors } out there still waiting to get into indexing , '' says P. James Kartalia , vice president of ANB Investment Management Co. , Chicago , which offers both indexing and active management services . 
But stock-index futures have plenty of support . 
But Mr. Greenberg 's sanguine outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers . 
Tokyu Group announced during the weekend that each Group company will buy the others ' stocks to defend themselves against a rumored takeover . 
The maker of water-treatment chemicals and equipment said it will select the plant site early next year , and production is expected to begin in 1991 . 
But many analysts believe that , given the attractiveness of paper companies ' cash flows , as well as the frantic consolidation of the paper industry in Europe , there will be at least a few more big hostile bids for U.S. companies within the next several months . 
UAL fell $ 6.25 a share to $ 191.75 on volume of 2.3 million shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as concern deepened among takeover stock traders about the length of time it will take to revive the purchase . 
General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity . 
Factory payrolls and production fell in September , and the auto industry and housing are in a severe crunch . 
As Mr. Vinson explains it , `` We do n't control the facts . 
Assets of these and other short-term funds surged more than $ 5 billion in September , the institute said . 
The broadcasters were , after all , documenting the game , ratifying its occurrence for millions outside the Stick . 
The unusual situation in Birmingham vividly illustrates the divisive consequences of carving out safe districts for racial minorities . 
Metal racks on the plant floor fell over , and water mains ruptured , a spokeswoman says . 
Since then , Intel has cornered a large part of the market with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models . 
However , Mr. Gorbachev must ensure that within this `` alliance '' the business sector remains subordinate to the party . 
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at a fixed 107 3\/4 to yield 3.5 % . 
Although Exxon spent heavily during the latest quarter to clean up the Alaskan shoreline blackened by its huge oil spill , those expenses as well as the cost of a continuing spill-related program are covered by $ 880 million in charges taken during the first half . 
Since commercial airline flights were disrupted , the company chartered three planes to fly these executives back to the West Coast and bring along portable computers , cellular phones and some claims adjusters . 
Transportation officials are expecting utter traffic pandemonium beginning Monday and growing worse over the next several weeks . 
The offering includes a new issue of $ 53 million of Tampa , Fla. , Series 1989 revenue bonds for St. Joseph 's Hospital Inc. , due 1996-2000 , 2005 and 2023 . 
The projects include construction of a 29,400 kilowatt waste-to-energy plant for Ada Cogeneration L.P. , Ada , Mich. ; a steam generating plant at Ontario , Calif. , that Zurn will own and operate , and two waste-water control projects in Orange County , Calif . 
The windows will open . 
`` Insurance companies will foot a substantial amount of the bill to reconstruct San Francisco , '' said Charles Lieberman , chief economist at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp . 
The company said net income was flat because of investment in research and development and costs related to launches of several products . 
The British government retained the single golden share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 
At the time the plan was announced , there were 135 lawyers . 
That task is one of Washington 's perennial problems . 
The dividend will be paid Nov. 22 to shares of record Nov. 7 . 
Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . 
Newly contracted residential work edged up 2 % in September to an annualized $ 121.2 billion , largely because multifamily building rebounded from a very weak August . 
This is not the case . 
As she saw one key love affair , the problem was n't her infidelity , it was his jealousy . 
Securities analysts were even more cautious , having been burned repeatedly on Unisys this year . 
`` This is a total bloodbath '' for takeover-stock traders , one investment banker said . 
Congress temporarily halted Mr. Thornburgh 's effort with an appropriation resolution that prohibited him from using budgeted funds to implement his plan . 
For rival liquor companies , the Whitbread auction is a rare opportunity to acquire valuable brands . 
Because the carrier is still pledging to do that , some committee members successfully argued that there 's little reason yet to explore a different plan , according to one person familiar with the creditors ' position . 
The stock 's decline accelerated in the past two weeks , from a price of $ 8 a share on Oct. 9 . 
At the others , there are going to be a lot of disappointments , after all those promises and all that big money that 's been paid to people . '' 
Ford Motor Co. and Saab-Scania AB of Sweden broke off talks about a possible alliance after Ford officials concluded that the cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return . 
We would add that in political terms , Mrs. Thatcher 's problem was failing to decide between the Chancellor and her adviser . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. was the underwriter . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 8.04 % . 
British Airways said it has n't received a proposal from JAL . 
The Associated Press 's earthquake coverage drew attention to a phenomenon that deserves some thought by public officials and other policy makers . 
`` I blew it , '' Mr. Motley says apologetically . 
It was considered the stiffest sentence passed since the start of the 22-month-old Arab uprising in the Israeli-occupied territories . 
Apple did n't introduce a kanji machine -- one that handles the Chinese characters of written Japanese -- until three years after entering the market . 
Mr Pyszkiewicz smiles and his brow furrows . 
These are real costs . 
Interest picks up , though , when Mr. Gould gets around to discussing the meaning of the Burgess oddities for the theory of evolution . 
In testimony to the Senate securities subcommittee , Mr. Brady disputed the view of SEC Chairman Richard Breeden , who told a House panel Wednesday that he does n't want the ability to halt the markets . 
`` If you do n't know what you are , bigger wo n't make you better , '' he says . 
StatesWest asked Mesa to repond by Oct. 31 . 
President 
New York City -- $ 786,860,000 of bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 729.04 million tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.82 million taxable bonds , via a Goldman Sachs group . 
They all are strongly opposed to a petition from several Japanese TV manufacturers , including Matsushita , Hitachi , and Toshiba , to exempt portable color TVs with liquid-crystal displays from anti-dumping duties that the U.S. imposes on the larger Japanese color TVs . 
a - Average rate paid yesterday by 100 large banks and thrifts in the 10 largest metropolitan areas as compiled by Bank Rate Monitor . 
They then addressed the decidedly `` questionable safety of ... a complex garden of endless hiding places . 
When Mr. Korotich took it over in 1986 , it sold 250,000 copies ; today it sells 3.4 million . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Newspapers , including this one , have generally ignored his news releases . 
A shortage of young cattle has made them more expensive for feedlot operators to buy . 
Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % . 
But after much tracking , it became evident to Mr. Stoll , through various clues , that the hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California . 
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 and Wednesday October 18 , 1989 . 
`` If the show ai n't a killer , they 're gone . '' 
The delisting of Malaysian-based companies from the Singapore exchange may not be a smooth process , analysts say . 
Pennzoil had sued Texaco for improperly interfering with its acquisition of a portion of Getty Oil Co . 
The air force is to take at least 250 more . 
Furukawa Electric Co. said it plans to increase production of computer memory devices on a large scale in the U.S. and Japan . 
`` Many members feel there are important features of the House bill that should be enacted , '' Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) said . 
The politician appearing is highly controversial and has recently generated a good deal of rancor amid certain groups . 
`` I felt betrayed , '' he later said . 
While the Kremlin has urged a ban on output of the poison gases , the White House wants to continue producing the weapons even after an international treaty calling for their destruction is signed . 
` This employer embodies all that I find noble and admirable . 
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said . 
`` It 's now selling at a multiple about even with the market , '' says Mr. Douglas . 
McDonald 's has long-term debt equaling 91 % of shareholder equity currently , but Mr. Kerschner said the company is carrying real estate assets at about $ 2.6 billion below their real value . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
Third-quarter sales of U.S. credit services were `` disappointingly below sales '' of a year earlier , Dun & Bradstreet said . 
Meanwhile , about 125 refugees flew to Duesseldorf , West Germany , from Warsaw , the first airlift in East Germany 's refugee exodus . 
Mr. Deaver has reopened a public-relations business . 
Some analysts contend that silver is cheap now that prices are languishing at levels last seen in the mid-1970s . 
Nine-month sales grew 12 % to $ 3.39 billion from $ 3.03 billion a year earlier . 
Another analyst said he expected LME inventories to be down by about 15,000 tons when the weekly report is issued . 
Mr. Paul says he had not one but four advisers and that he never bid impulsively . 
`` The buyers who work for the various Campeau chains may lose their jobs . 
The former congressman , who resigned as speaker of the House after an investigation of his financial dealings , is ensconced in his district office , maintained by taxpayers on a $ 200,000 allowance . 
The euphoria was such that investors responded to good earnings reports of companies such as American Express , while ignoring the disappointing profits of companies such as Caterpillar , analysts said . 
The average discount rate on three-month bills was 7.78 % and the rate on six-month bills was 7.62 % . 
He added that the president already has the power to close the markets in an emergency . 
The trial of the case lasted seven months and ended in September with a hung jury . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Tuesday . 
But there is a small risk that some were imported with high radiation levels . '' 
Federal officials seized the association in April , a day after the parent corporation entered bankruptcy-law proceedings . 
`` They should call { the exchange } Trump East , '' charged Mr. Wohlstetter , the 79-year-old founder of Contel who 's also a former investment banker and stock trader . 
Mr. Dinkins , the Manhattan borough president , can afford more bumbling and stumbling because he holds a comfortable 20-point lead in most of the public-opinion polls . 
McCormick Capital Inc. said the final proration factor was 0.628394 on its oversubscribed , $ 3-a-share tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million of its common shares . 
For Carat , meanwhile , the alliance with Eurocom and WCRS is intended to strengthen its own push outside France . 
`` Every department store in Japan is taking a look , '' says Mike Allen , a retail analyst at Barclay 's de Zoete Wedd Securities ( Japan ) Ltd . 
However , traders disregarded a potential production disruption in Chile and a continued drop in inventories . 
Part of Drexel 's plea was to cut Mr. Milken loose . 
Since then , the government has left observers wondering if it ever meant to join . 
In addition , long-term debt has been trimmed to about $ 72 million from $ 96 million since Jan. 1 . 
The debt , estimated at $ 4.7 billion , could mortgage the cellular company 's future earning power in order to placate some LIN holders in the short term . 
The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer . 
Mortgage - , Asset-Backed Securities 
It contends that current government policy is failing to stem the AIDS epidemic because it suggests the use of condoms can make sex `` safe . '' 
Jeffrey , Peter , Joseph Jr. , William and Joseph Sr. constitute the company 's board . 
Not only do the actors stand outside their characters and make it clear they are at odds with them , but they often literally stand on their heads . 
But the general trend , given rising costs in the league , has been to raise prices , and Mr. Jones is expected to eventually follow suit . 
Whitbread already has been approached by `` about half a dozen '' companies interested in buying all or part of the spirits business , a spokesman said . 
Exports declined for the second consecutive month in August , slipping 0.2 % to $ 30.41 billion , the Commerce Department reported . 
Nevertheless , Rep. Gerry Studds of Massachusetts was handily re-elected because of the candor with which he handled revelations that he had sex with a male congressional page in 1983 . 
And as it unfolds , it 's revealing some of the more tangled and seamier aspects of Japanese society . 
Stocks are much riskier than Treasury bills , for example , because the range in performance from the best years to the worst is much wider . 
Coopers uses the Coopers & Lybrand name world-wide . 
But last June 's annnouncement that Westinghouse would put up all of the $ 70 million to build a new 55-megawatt plant could herald a new age . 
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % . 
In the third quarter , AMR said , net fell to $ 137 million , or $ 2.16 a share , from $ 150.3 million , or $ 2.50 a share . 
Mr. Sheridan , who had been expecting quarter profit of about $ 1.25 a share , says he is reducing his estimate for the year to the area of $ 5.70 a share , from his previous estimate of $ 6.10 . 
In a letter to investors , Chairman Edward S. Finkelstein wrote that he expects the company to `` benefit from some of the disruption faced by our competitors . 
But Fujitsu Ltd. has taken that practice to a new extreme . 
Soybeans averaged $ 5.28 a bushel , down 42 cents from September ; corn averaged $ 2.20 , down seven cents , and sorghum grain averaged $ 3.61 for each hundred pounds , down 19 cents , according to the department . 
A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue , but did say that a general obligation offering is in the works and should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the November mayoral election . 
The Chivas ad illustrates -- via a series of pullouts -- the wild reactions from the pool man , gardener and others if not given Chivas for Christmas . 
Time Warner Inc. recently formed a `` synergy department '' to seek out ways to offer advertisers packages that could combine Time 's magazines with Warner products such as videocassettes . 
FOR THOSE WHO DELIGHT in the misfortune of others , read on . 
Business : Luxury cars 
Remember those bulky , thick-walled refrigerators of 30 years ago ? 
That they retain Korean citizenship and ties is a reflection of history -- their parents were shipped in as laborers during the decades when Japan occupied Korea before World War II -- and the discrimination that still faces Koreans in Japanese society . 
In Tokyo , a JAL spokesman said he could n't confirm or deny the latest Japanese report . 
On the other hand , only 42 % say foreign cars are less comfortable than U.S. models , down from 55 % in 1987 . 
A couple in fashionable spandex warm-up suits jogs by , headphones jauntily in place , weaving their way along a street of fractured and fallen houses . 
Willamette Industries , whose stock has suffered steep losses in recent sessions , surged 1 1\/2 to 49 . 
In an interview , Mr. Hogan said the subsidiary 's primary mission will be to make movies for TNT and to distribute them internationally . 
Assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the previous week . 
Sumitomo Realty & Development rose 40 to 2170 . 
`` Right now most of the roads into the Bay area are closed , but the list of closings changes about every 20 minutes . 
That is because Sidhpur has a near-monopoly on the world 's supply of flea seed , also known as flea wort or , in Western parlance , psyllium : a tiny , tasteless , obscure seed that , according to early research , may reduce cholesterol levels in the blood . 
A year earlier , Chrysler 's net was $ 113 million , or 50 cents a share . 
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds climbed back above 8 % , ending the day at 8.03 % . 
In addition , the two companies will develop new steam turbine technology , such as the plants ordered by Florida Power , and even utilize each other 's plants at times to take advantage of currency fluctuations . 
`` I guess I might have asked Beauregard to leave , but he drops so many good names , we decided to let him stay , '' says Steven Greenberg , publisher of Fame . 
Canadian Pacific , which has interests in transportation , telecommunications , forest products , energy and real estate , finally took its majority block off the market this spring . 
Futures rallied modestly . 
In announcing the meeting yesterday , Mr. Bush told reporters at the White House that neither he nor Mr. Gorbachev expects any `` substantial decisions or agreements . '' 
The transaction is subject to execution of a definitive purchase agreement and approval by various regulatory agencies , including the insurance departments of the states of Florida and Indiana , the company said . 
The account currently has $ 220 million . 
Instead , an appropriate institution should be charged with the job of preventing chaos in the market : the Federal Reserve . 
In composite trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange , Financial Corp. closed at $ 1.125 , unchanged . 
The trade group official added : `` Certainly the federal government should take a hard look at it . '' 
And the reason we do n't want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish some cherished metaphysical beliefs about human nature in general and the human nature of young people in particular , as well as to violate some cherished vested interests . 
The No. 1 U.S. auto maker then wrote Jaguar that it intends `` to go to that 15 % '' level once it wins the U.S. clearance to go beyond $ 15 million , a Jaguar spokesman said yesterday . 
The decision reflects the Fed 's tougher stance on enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act , a federal law passed in 1977 to help low-income residents obtain loans . 
The company also said it privately placed stock and warrants in exchange for $ 750,000 . 
CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said it had n't seen the filing by Parsow and Elkhorn and therefore had no comment . 
Its cash and liquid securities fell by $ 338 million in the first six months of 1989 . 
Some analysts argued that there wo n't be a flurry of takeovers because the industry 's continuing capacity-expansion program is eating up available cash . 
The bill 's managers face criticism , too , for the unusual number of conditions openly imposed on where funds will be spent . 
`` The Soviet Union has a lot of know-how , but it has been difficult to put that into actual production because of various structural problems in the economy , '' says Mr. Shapovalov , the Foreign Ministry official . 
Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything revolves , but as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of workstations , personal computers , printers and other devices . 
A squiggly line snakes across a video screen , gyrating erratically as subjects with hand-held computers register their second-by-second reactions to a speaker 's remarks . 
Estimated volume was three million ounces . 
`` Are you stupid ? '' he snaps . 
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting . 
As of Aug. 31 , thrifts held $ 185 billion in mortgage-backed securities . 
Imperial Cup has annual sales of approximately $ 75 million . 
After the payment , the Cleveland company owes $ 57 million on the loan . 
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year . 
Nonetheless , one ca n't help wonder whether the game will be just a little bit slower . 
It is probably continuing and may well account for most of , or all of , present-day global warming . 
A committee of outside directors for the Garden City , N.Y. , unit is evaluating the proposal ; the parent asked it to respond by Oct. 31 . 
DWG Corp. jumped 1 1\/4 to 15 on 454,100 shares . 
Argentina and Britain agreed to resume diplomatic and economic relations , seven years after the two nations battled over the Falkland Islands . 
It also lowered some air fares . 
The pilots ' insistence on majority ownership also may make the idea of a recapitalization difficult to achieve . 
COPPER : 
Israeli officials confirmed that Energy Minister Moshe Shahal and his Canadian counterpart , Jake Epp , discussed a possible Israeli purchase of a $ 1.1 billion Canadian nuclear reactor for producing electricity . 
But while IRS computers focus routinely on target groups like these , the agency has assigned many agents to special projects that need more personal attention . 
George L. Manzanec , 53 years old , senior vice president of Texas Eastern Corp. , was elected a group vice president of this natural-gas-pipeline concern . 
Turnover was 382.9 million shares , compared with 449.3 million Wednesday . 
Soviet police clashed with demonstrators in Moscow following a candlelight vigil around the KGB 's Lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under Stalin . 
The accord with MIPS calls for Control Data to share its expertise in data storage , the companies said . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note convertible Nov. 27 , 1989 , through March 17 , 1994 , at a 5 % premium over closing share price Nov. 1 , when terms are fixed . 
Earlier this year , bankers and other investors were willing to provide financing because they assumed there would be major gains in both profitability and sales , Mr. Rosenthal added . 
Senator Daniel Inouye agreed to close some bases in Hawaii in exchange for such goodies as $ 11 million for a parking lot at Walter Reed Hospital . 
For example , when Detroit began talking about plastic-bodied cars , the American Iron and Steel Institute began a major lobbying effort to show auto makers how they could use steel more efficiently by simply redesigning how a car door is assembled . 
Companies get more political clout plus a possible tax-deductible charitable donation -- so far no word from the IRS on deductibility . 
The three-month bills will still mature Feb. 1 , 1990 , and the six-month bills on May 3 , 1990 . 
He favors FPL Group Inc. , Florida Progress Corp. , TECO Energy Inc. , Wisconsin Energy Corp. , and Dominion Resources Inc . 
9.76 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Chandler Insurance Co. said it expects to report third-quarter net income jumped 97 % to $ 2.8 million , or 51 cents a share . 
The products -- sealants and bonding materials used by dentists -- all contain fluoride that is released over time . 
It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . 
`` People are sick and tired of hearing about these deficits , but the imbalances are still there and they are still a problem , '' said Mr. Robertson . 
ERC International Inc. , which provides professional and technical services to the military , is refining its defense niche , not retreating from it . 
Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers . 
`` That 's going to cost IBM revenue . '' 
In the midst of a labor shortage , he proposes linking city subsidies to businesses to their record of hiring New York City residents . 
Merieux , a vaccine and bioresearch firm based in Lyon , France , is controlled 50.1 % by state-owned Rhone Poulenc S.A . 
A spokeswoman said Dow is comfortable with Wall Street expectations that full-year earnings will total about $ 14.60 a share , compared with last year 's record net of $ 2.4 billion , or $ 12.76 a share . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Loral closed at $ 33.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
Last week , Ford encountered a setback in its effort to broaden its U.S. luxury offerings when it was forced to abandon a four-year-old effort to market its German-built Scorpio sedan in the U.S. as a luxury import under the Merkur brand name . 
Then they took the art to Acapulco and began to trade some of it for cocaine . 
Indeed , a number of analysts said that Japanese paper companies are hungry to acquire additional manufacturing capacity anywhere in the world . 
Moreover , production runs would be longer , cutting inefficiencies from adjusting machinery between production cycles . 
These costs will complicate the budget picture in fiscal 1991 , and the measure further commits Congress to a set of costly projects , including the first construction funds for the space station . 
Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper -- and fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished . 
Recruiter Donald Clark does note an increase in searches for minority candidates . 
Short interest in 1,327 non-NMS securities totaled 40.3 million shares , compared with almost 38 million shares in 1,310 issues in September . 
Hyatt Corp. hires a University of Wyoming graduate with degrees in geology and petroleum engineering for $ 7.50 an hour to tend wood fires at a Colorado ski resort ... . 
Kary Moss , an attorney with the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project , said , `` They wanted a svelte-looking woman , and a pregnant woman is not svelte . 
Privately , exchange officials worry that without a hospitable system for program trading at the Big Board , billions of dollars in trading will simply migrate to overseas exchanges such as London 's . 
Senator Phil Gramm pointed out Monday that in the 20 years before Gramm-Rudman was enacted in 1985 , federal spending grew by about 11 % a year ; since the law , it 's grown at under 5 % annually . 
In major market activity : 
Mr. Akerson said MCI recorded `` another solid cash positive quarter , '' its fourth in a row , but declined to comment on whether the company is considering a dividend or is planning any acquisition . 
`` If anything , we 're going to see defaults increase because credit ratings have declined , '' says Paul Asquith , associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management . 
But these players were dead . 
The company also named Michael E. Gellert , a director and a major shareholder , to fill the vacant seat of chairman . 
After failing to find a buyer for the Sears Tower in Chicago , Sears , Roebuck & Co. is negotiating with Boston pension fund adviser Aldrich , Eastman & Waltch Inc. to refinance the property for close to $ 850 million , according to people close to the negotiations . 
The European Community 's consumer price index rose a provisional 0.6 % in September from August and was up 5.3 % from September 1988 , according to Eurostat , the EC 's statistical agency . 
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer-driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . '' 
`` We must find ways to save money for the futures commission merchants who do business on our exchanges . '' 
But it said that was mainly because the project may not bear fruit until the mid-1990s . 
For more than a decade , Mr. Etzioni , the sociologist , has been a leading critic of the masseurs . 
Those days are over now , he believes . 
It also would make Paribas a major French ally of West Germany 's Allianz AG insurance group . 
Friday 's plunge , he is telling PaineWebber brokers , was nothing more than a `` tremendous reaction to leveraged buy-out stocks . '' 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
9:53 a.m . 
Aim Prime Rate Plus Fund Inc. -- 10 million common shares , via PaineWebber Inc . 
Hawker Siddeley Group PLC , a U.K. engineering company , reported a 16 % jump in pretax profit for the six-month period ending June 30 . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Ethyl closed at $ 25.875 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
Under the committee bill , the Transportation secretary would have 30 days , and an additional 20 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 15 % or more of a major U.S. airline 's voting stock . 
`` They 're really fashion items wrapped up in little jars . '' 
IMA Acquisition , an investor group that includes First Boston and the Pritzker family of Chicago , said Chemical Bank had made arrangements for 23 other banks to provide $ 509 million in bank financing for the buy-out offer . 
That temblor measured 6.1 on the Richter scale ; Tuesday 's was 
U.S. gas buyers must also decide whether they want to enter firm contracts for Mackenzie delta gas or develop Alaskan reserves in the Prudhoe Bay area first , a project that has been on hold for more than a decade . 
One person close to the process says it would not be in the best interest of CBS News to comment on a `` work in progress , '' such as the Hoffman re-creation , but says CBS News is `` aware '' of the concerns of Ms. Lawrenson and Mr. Hoffman 's former wife . 
The French electronics and defense group said attributable consolidated net profit for the first six months of 1989 totaled 244 million francs ( $ 38.4 million ) , compared with 130 million francs ( $ 20.5 million ) in the corresponding period of 
When last we left him , FBI Agent Nick Mancuso had solved a murder mystery , unraveled a Washington political scandal , and racked up some pretty good ratings numbers in the miniseries `` Favorite Son . '' 
Good luck . 
The couple 's first dog , Homer , was named after the Great Event , though unwitting friends assumed he was the namesake of the poet . 
American Express representatives apparently influenced the publication of unfavorable articles about Mr. Safra . 
Kemper also blasted the Big Board for ignoring the interests of individual and institutional holders . 
It does n't pay a dividend , and this trust needs income . 
Predictably , some Navy guys said : `` Do we still need to keep all 18 Army divisions on active duty and all those extra land-based aircraft without bases and all those Army guys playing admiral in Tampa ? 
Court documents filed by prosecutors indicate Mr. Tomlin tried to steer to Sperry a multimillion dollar contract to computerize maintenance of certain Navy electronics equiment . 
Some lousy earnings reports whacked the stock market , but bond prices fell only slightly and the dollar rose a little against most major currencies . 
The tape was on tv before the night was out . 
This is the worry that probably brought steadiness to the market earlier in the week , he said . 
The dividend increase was Du Pont 's second this year , an affirmation of statements by top executives that they intend to increase rewards to shareholders . 
It has been trying to improve its share of the residential market . 
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 5.42 billion , from $ 5.27 billion . 
Analysts say USAir has great promise . 
`` It was like flying without a pilot in the front of the plane . '' 
`` Gold still acts as a haven when uncertainty prevails in the financial markets as it did '' yesterday , she said . 
As a result , total tax outlays were $ 73.5 million , compared with $ 44.1 million the year earlier . 
Moreover , sports has `` claimed its place '' as a guaranteed ratings-getter , says David J. Stern , the commissioner of the National Basketball Association . 
At this week 's New York City bond sale , traders expect yields on the 20-year New York bonds to nearly match the 7.9 % yield on 30-year Treasury bonds . 
Congress has just made it easier for the affluent to qualify for insured loans from the deficit-ridden Federal Housing Administration . 
`` It 's a super-exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer . 
Despite the pain of adjusting , the cultural revolution has begun to yield exciting cars . 
Fina blamed lower chemical prices , reduced gasoline margins and refinery maintenance shutdowns . 
The plunge followed a drop of $ 56.875 Monday , amid indications the takeover may take weeks to be revived . 
Amazing what it does to one 's heart rate and one 's short-term memory . 
Commentators would fret over the implications for the G-7 coordination process and the stability of world financial markets . 
Paramount said Associates has about $ 14 billion in total assets , making it third-largest in terms of assets among independent finance companies in the U.S. . 
Overall access minutes of use increased 10.3 % and toll messages jumped 5.2 % . 
They showed up , but did n't -- or could n't -- challenge . 
Genentech stock fell 12.5 cents in trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange to $ 20.125 . 
THE BIG BOARD PLANS to launch its own vehicle for program trading today amid growing controversy over the practice . 
Lawrence Insurance , based in Albany , N.Y. , plans to use the $ 22.5 million in proceeds to help finance the acquisition of United Republic . 
A company official said the explosions began when a seal blew out . 
It said the venture , expected to take control of the facilities Dec. 1 , would also serve another 3,300 independent Unocal gasoline stations . 
Torchmark also said that Samuel E. Upchurch Jr. , 37 , vice president and general counsel , was selected to serve the remainder of the term vacated by John S.P. Samford , who resigned as director . 
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 . 
Washington Red Delicious , by the way , are wholesaling for less than $ 10 a box these days . 
Revenue edged up to $ 8.9 billion from $ 8.81 billion . 
South Carolina 's congressional delegation has entered Senate and House bills to provide special casualty-loss treatment and other tax relief for timber growers in the hurricane disaster areas . 
Western tourists in the Soviet Union who could exchange a dollar -- albeit illegally -- for about four rubles a year ago are now being offered 15 rubles or more . 
By moving the design of new products in-house -- instead of contracting out the work -- the company also has been able to come up with designs that can be manufactured more efficiently , he said . 
Until last week , Mr. Dinkins was considered a shoo-in . 
It is scheduled for delivery in late 1991 . 
A Pentagon official said the request was made to give the department `` maximum flexibility '' to deal with the cuts . 
Leslie Falls Humphries 
Young & Rubicam , fighting charges that it bribed Jamaican officials to win the Jamaica Tourist Board ad account in 1981 , said it will no longer create the tourist board 's advertising . 
Addington Resources Inc. said it called for redemption on Nov. 21 its $ 25.8 million outstanding of 8 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2013 . 
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system . 
Mr. Rey says the move is yet another example of his conservatism . 
They do n't flinch at writing them . 
If you are a retailer , 50 % , and a farmer , 30 % . 
The major gateway to Asia and one of the nation 's 10 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic from the time the quake hit Tuesday afternoon , until 6 a.m. PDT yesterday when controllers returned to the tower . 
Authorities in Honduras launched an investigation into the cause of Saturday 's crash of a Honduran jetliner that killed 132 of the 146 people aboard . 
There are also $ 40 million of uninsured subordinate lien bonds , due Dec. 1 , 2008 , and Dec. 1 , 2015 . 
World-wide sales of Trident gum , Certs breath mints , and Clorets gum and breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million . 
The price of attracting capital -- whether one 's own or that of foreigners -- is a trade deficit . 
`` You feel you want one more -- one more at-bat , one more hit , one more game . '' 
The sale price of the unit , which makes packaging products , was to consist of cash , notes and an amount to be determined by the unit 's future performance . 
To date , 1,013 of those children have died , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
There are about $ 100 million of 7 % term bonds due 2009 , priced to yield 7.30 % , which is the issue 's high yield . 
Rep. Traxler recently purchased an unimproved building lot on the island . 
Mr. Carter said he would go to war to stop anyone from trying to grab Iran . 
Entertainment shows tend to cost twice that . 
Many investors certainly believe a bidding war is imminent . 
`` I 'll stay with BART , '' said one secretary , swallowing her fears about using the transbay tube . 
Showtime has also accused HBO of locking up the lion 's share of Hollywood 's movies by signing exclusive contracts with all the major studios . 
The BPCA called its team a `` stunning '' collaboration . 
The tip-off came when he opened a recent Merrill Lynch statement and found that the CD 's `` estimated current market value '' had plummeted by $ 9,000 in a month . 
It has sent mixed signals about its willingness to take part in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , which links the major EC currencies . 
A revised provision would be included for the conversion of short-term claims inside the net to long-term loans outside the net . 
As aftershocks shook the San Francisco Bay area , rescuers searched through rubble for survivors of Tuesday 's temblor , and residents picked their way through glass-strewn streets . 
In one , imports and exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25 % and 5 % recorded during the first seven months , and the current-account deficit widens to $ 13.1 billion . 
The group is offering the notes priced as 6 3\/4 % securities to yield 6.25 % . 
Completion of the project is expected by mid-1992 . 
`` The high ratio reflects the fact that silver is still regarded as about a half-industrial metal and its price lagging relative to gold says that traders are expecting a weakening economy , '' he said . 
During her second meeting with the Hammacks , Ms. Johnson reviews exactly what their policy covers . 
StatesWest has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , which operates 20 twin-engine and two single-engine turboprops among 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas . 
As recounted in a stipulation that summarized government documents released for the North trial , Mr. Noriega offered to assassinate the Sandinista leadership in exchange `` for a promise to help clean up Noriega 's image and a commitment to lift the { U.S. . } ban on military sales to the Panamanian Defense Forces . '' 
The consultants had been working to finish a report this week . 
Also , debt holders would be offered an equity position in Leaseway , which in total would represent a controlling interest in the company . 
Censorship is imposed by terrorism . 
In times past , life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men , but ours is a two-income family and accustomed to it . 
One major factor was the decline of the dollar against the mark , which began less than a year after Merkur 's 1985 launch . 
Instead , the banks secured a promise from state-owned Bank of Communications that it would lend Asia Development the entire $ 55 million at maturity to finance repayment of the original borrowing . 
Clearly , though , scam artists have to be a bit more subtle than simply promising millions ; the psychology of suckers is n't simply the psychology of the greedy . 
Among other concerns , the agency says researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs . 
Yesterday , Quebecor Inc. , a Montreal printing , publishing and forest-products company 53%-owned by Mr. Peladeau , agreed to acquire Maxwell Communication Corp. 's U.S. printing subsidiary , Maxwell Graphics Inc. , for $ 500 million in cash and securities . 
Mr. Lang surprised Time soon after joining forces when he said he would negotiate rates individually with advertisers , a practice common in broadcasting but considered taboo by magazine publishers . 
His other agreements to promote products have expired . 
1:11 a.m. 
But some money managers are doing just that . 
Bruno DeGol , chairman of DeGol Brothers Lumber , Gallitzin , Pa. , was named a director of this bank-holding company , expanding the board to 11 members . 
Meanwhile , the buy-out group 's task of holding its fragile coalition together , in the face of the bid 's collapse and internal opposition from two other employee groups , has been further complicated by an apparent rift in the ranks of the pilot union itself . 
The trust also will receive $ 75 million a year starting in 1991 on a bond it holds from Manville . 
`` In some places the stonework is so damaged it shows signs of breaking off , '' scientists and technicians said in a report to Public Works Minister Giovanni Prandini . 
Still , congressional aides say penalty reform is a strong candidate for enactment , even if not this time around , although some provisions may be modified . 
`` I think Bush 's going there is a helpful sign , '' said Sen. Terry Sanford ( D. , N.C . ) a member of the Foreign Relations Committee who pushed to provide Costa Rica about the same amount of aid as it received last year . 
Barbara Donovan , an expert on East Germany at Radio Free Europe in Munich , says Mr. Krenz may project a smooth image , but she doubts he 's a true reformer . 
Its fast-food restaurants -- including Denny 's , Hardee 's , Quincy 's and El Pollo Loco ( `` the only significant fast-food chain to specialize in char-broiled chicken '' ) -- are stable , recession-resistant and growing . 
New apple trees grow slowly , and the Red Delicious is almost as entrenched as mom . 
GE Capital has a working relationship with L.J. Hooker . 
I think a lot of people got scared and stayed home . '' 
There 's no fire sale here . '' 
In recent years , the World Series and the Olympics were aired against CBS 's last-place lineup . 
`` There is a one-out-of-three shot of getting it this year , '' said Sen. David Boren of Oklahoma , a leading Democratic proponent of cutting the capital-gains tax . 
Appropriations committees have used an assortment of devices to disguise as much as $ 1 billion in spending , and as critics have awakened to these devices , the bill can seem like a wounded caribou trying to make it past ice and wolves to reach safer winter grazing . 
In his statement , Mr. Wolf said , `` We continue to believe our approach is sound , and that it is far better for all employees than the alternative of having an outsider own the company with employees paying for it just the same . '' 
Mr. Noriega would order them all to take off their clothes and run around the courtyard naked , laughing at them and then retreating to his office . 
The KGB has abolished a unit known for persecuting dissidents , the government newspaper Izvestia said . 
Yet minutes after promising to appoint Hispanics to high posts in state government , he is unable to say whether he has ever employed any in his congressional office . 
Viacom Inc. , New York , reported that its third-quarter loss widened to $ 21.7 million , or 41 cents a share , primarily because of interest expense of $ 70.1 million . 
He does add , however , that transplanted Japanese car makers are boosting the levels of U.S.-made steel in their autos , instead of relying heavily on imported steel . 
Although Ryder did n't break out the charge , analysts estimated that the majority of the $ 57 million was linked to workers ' compensation reserves and anticipated losses on the disposal of trucks . 
The strain was discovered by Morinaga & Co. and licensed to Gustafson , a unit of Uniroyal Chemical Co . 
Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at Texas Air . 
`` I threw such a fit , '' says Mr. McDuffie , who had begun violin studies at the age of six . 
If it had been , he mighta hit it out . '' 
All $ 3.35 billion in debt for the deal was supplied by banks . 
The contract was to run from 1992 to 2020 . 
A spokesman for GE said that the company has been working with the FAA all along on this issue and `` will comply fully with the required inspections . '' 
Nevertheless , Kodak could n't risk letting HDTV turn its motion-picture film business into a dinosaur . 
Actually , 67-year-old Mrs. Thi is about as poor as almost everyone else in this impoverished land . 
Hundreds of smaller creditors could get nothing , according to attorneys involved . 
Integrated did n't identify the party or say why the talks failed . 
`` I have to come here to read the walls , '' says the doctor , `` because it 's information I still ca n't get through the newspapers . '' 
MiniScribe has been on the rocks since it disclosed early this year that its earnings reports for 1988 were n't accurate . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. was the top program trader in September , but most of the firm 's activity involved portfolio trading strategies other than stock-index arbitrage . 
After all , Mr. Muniak says , `` in Poland there are n't too many people worried about the environment . 
But State Department officials accuse Israel of leaking questionable claims to embarrass the U.S. . 
It has also been a week when inside-the-beltway Washington has had a high old time gnawing over ex-President Reagan 's multimillion-dollar junket in Japan . 
UAL stock plummeted a further $ 24.875 to $ 198 on volume of more than 2.8 million shares in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Arnold Levine , acting co-chief executive , will continue as senior vice president and a board member . 
The main argument for growth stocks is their usually superior performance in a slowing economy . 
But it is n't clear why that should be so . 
And the United Arab Emirates , a chronic quota cheater , refused to give any guarantee it would change its ways . 
TW 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn . 
Westinghouse expects about half of its new orders for turbines to come from independent producers for at least the next six years . 
Leucadia , New York , estimated it had a pre-tax gain on the transaction of $ 57 million , including its part of Brae 's gain . 
It said sales of such properties were slower than anticipated in the third quarter , but it expects sales to pick up in the rest of the year . 
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money . 
He acknowledged only one difference with Mr. Reagan -- that the amendment ought to have exceptions for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life . 
Control Data also said it is developing what it called a `` supermainframe '' computer , the Cyber 2000 , intended for scientists , engineers and other users of generalpurpose high-performance computers . 
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks . 
Telos responded by combining three of its five divisions to reduce expenses and `` bring more focus to potentially fewer bidding opportunities , '' says Lin Conger , Telos chairman and controlling shareholder . 
`` Up until now the courts have said it is not their role to supervise the foreign country 's courts , '' said Jacques Semmelman , the assistant U.S. attorney on the case . 
The market also shrugged off positive factors , such as higher bond prices and a slowdown in monetary growth in September , traders said . 
Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around . 
The U.S. Commerce Department is planning to try out similar trips on U.S. businessmen in coming months under its Canada First ! Outreach Program . 
That show , whose host is Ms. Chung 's husband , Maury Povich , has a particular penchant for grisly murders and stories having to do with sex -- the Robert Chambers murder case , the Rob Lowe tapes , what have you . 
Mr. Schulte , who met with Acadia representatives on Oct. 10 , said , `` It 's certainly a responsible offer . 
Although an Imperial spokesman said the company had n't yet been served with the derivative suit , he reiterated the company 's statement that it would vigorously defend itself against the class-action suit . 
`` Our essential focus is on domestic policy , '' Mr. Greenspan said , referring to the goals of price stability and a stable economy . 
Stockholders who exercise all their rights may buy additional shares , the company said . 
Joanne Lipman contributed to this article . 
ENERGY : 
By any measure , third-quarter earnings were still robust , equivalent to a 0.92 % return on assets even excluding tax credits . 
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares . 
The private suit was brought by three mentally retarded people who live in a group home in Moon . 
He distinguished the two cases : In Salinger , Judge Leval noted , the quotations were for the purpose of enlivening the biography rather than of proving points about the subject . 
He says the economy , and especially the employment numbers , look much better than he expected ; interest rates have generally declined ; inflation has n't run amok . 
After all , he says , `` Even to make love , you need experience . 
As part of the plan , the Houston-based company 's 1,100 Stop 'N Go stores will be refocused to target black , Hispanic , upscale or core middle-class customers . 
It was n't clear , however , whether the actions were related to a battle between the corporate raider and New York attorney Martin Ackerman for control of Datapoint Corp. , a San Antonio , Texas-based data-processing systems maker . 
Nikko 's pretax profit rose 1.6 % to 130.25 billion yen from 128.19 billion yen . 
Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns as `` I dreamed I ... in my Maidenform bra , '' and `` The Maidenform woman . 
Couple Counseling Grows to Defuse Stress 
But only 6 % to 7 % of the investors were committing more than half their funds to either of those alternatives . 
If a machine has a big computing task , Task Broker asks other computers in the network for `` bids '' on the job . 
Mr. Glazer could n't immediately be reached to comment . 
McCaw Cellular Communications and its target , LIN Broadcasting , were active . 
The Soviets cut a deal with Iran : a future Iranian role in Afghanistan in exchange for Iranian support of Soviet policy . 
`` We asked police to investigate why they are allowed to distribute the flag in this way . 
His contract makes him `` exclusive '' spokesman for Sears 's home improvement marketing campaigns . 
A 30 % cut in this year 's capital gains alone amounts to roughly $ 50 billion . 
Anheuser said it 's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a market-by-market basis . 
There are also questions about whether a new and inexperienced mayor can manage the city through what could become a financial crisis . 
Mr. Ewing is a consultant based in Winchester , Mass. , and author of `` Justice on the Job : Resolving Grievances in the Nonunion Workplace '' ( Harvard Business School Press , 1989 ) . 
Mr. Azoff reportedly was bored and frequently clashed with top MCA management over a number of issues such as compensation and business plans . 
It was five in the afternoon , but that was Pacific time . 
The use of 900 toll numbers has been expanding rapidly in recent years . 
Disappointing earnings news from some technology companies unnerved investors in the over-the-counter market , who sold shares of Apple Computer , Intel and many other computer-related concerns . 
Whatever the monetary crime losses , they may not be nearly as important to entrepreneurs as the risk of personal injury . 
`` We are operating an information refinery that takes a broad stream of raw data and turns it into actionable knowledge , '' says Yosi Amram , founder and president . 
The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved and the race site is determined , Mr. Smith said , and the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million . 
Separately , bankers representing the group trying to buy United 's parent UAL Corp. met with other banks about reviving that purchase at a lower price , possibly around $ 250 a share , or $ 5.65 billion . 
He said results were better than he 'd expected and indicate that Goodyear is in the midst of a turnaround from a string of lackluster quarters that have plagued the company for a year . 
For the 264 insolvent thrifts under government management at the end of August , assets declined by $ 3.3 billion and withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 1.2 billion . 
Keihin Electric Express Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- 
Its stake includes 106,100 shares bought in the open market from Aug. 30 to Oct. 18 for $ 10.375 to $ 12.125 a share . 
The judge also said the two marital testimonial privileges cited by Mrs. Marcos do n't apply . 
Mr. Edelman said the decision `` has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman . '' 
But you knew that , did n't you ? 
Bond dealers said the rates for the long-term tax-exempt New York City bonds were among the highest , as a percentage of Treasury rates , for any New York City issue in recent memory . 
Today , though the public is barely aware , much of U.S. industry , particularly companies manufacturing or selling overseas , have made metrics routine . 
That 's a big change from recent years when freight haulage was a bright spot for U.S. productivity , helping to restrain inflation and make U.S. industry more competitive abroad . 
Investors such as Marvin Davis of Los Angeles who have sought airline ownership this year have insisted they , not the pilots , must have control . 
The other insiders , all senior or executive vice presidents , sold between 2,520 and 6,881 shares , representing between 8 % and 70 % of their holdings , according to SEC filings . 
Ms. Rubin is a free-lance writer based in Los Angeles . 
In fact , during the past three months there have been several demonstrations at the office complex where the Land Bureau is housed , and at the National Assembly , demanding the government put a stop to real-estate speculation . 
The courthouse , to be built in Monterey Park , is expected to open in the spring of 1992 . 
But while September exports rose to # 8.43 billion , imports shot up to # 10.37 billion . 
He says that even if the natural gas contract boosts volume at the exchange strongly , the 1990 business plan calls for having adequate compliance people to ensure that exchange rules are being followed . 
Mr. Bush is reserving the right in `` rare '' instances to keep Congress in the dark , asserting a constitutional prerogative the committee does n't recognize . 
The harvest arrives in plenty after last year 's drought-ravaged effort : The government estimates corn output at 7.45 billion bushels , up 51 % from last fall . 
`` It 's the missing link '' in Olivetti 's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers , the Olivetti spokesman said . 
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other . 
And Bill Konopnicki , a Safford , Ariz. , licensee of McDonald 's Corp. who is chairman of the company 's National Operators Advisory Board , says some fast-food outlets `` could be in serious trouble , based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on . '' 
The respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy and investment markets , but their collective judgments were a notch more sober than they were a year ago . 
RJR Taps FCB\/Leber 
For a while , it looked like the deal -- not to mention the courtroom itself -- was on the verge of collapse . 
It said net income dropped to $ 15.1 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 35.2 million , or $ 2.66 a share . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.65 % . 
Merkur , as an import on domestic car lots , suffered from the same sort of image confusion that is hobbling sales of imports at General Motors Corp. and Chrysler Corp . 
And she said , ` Hello . ' 
American Medical International : Senior notes , sinking-fund debentures , Euromarket notes , Eurobonds , Swiss franc bonds , unsecured loan stock to Ba3 from Baa2 ; convertible subordinated debentures , notes , and sinking-fund debentures to B2 from Baa3 . 
His crude device worked : The lower teeth gathered the leaves into a pile , while the higher , harder teeth moved the top of the pile . 
With the touch of a button , drivers can choose from lavender , jasmine , mint or perfume scents , all blown in through the car 's air-conditioning system . 
The dispute stems from pretrial maneuvering in the pending court case , in which prosecutors have been demanding access to a host of internal company memos , reports and documents . 
The weight of Lebanon 's history was also against him ; and it is a history Israel is in danger of repeating . 
This hope , however , will never be realized if we use levamisole and 5-fluorouracil as a stopping point . 
So if anything happened to me , I 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33-year-old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage and some other debts ( though not , I admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the lap of luxury ) . 
Afterward , Mr. Paul is said by Mr. Guterman to have phoned Mr. Guterman , the New York developer selling the collection , and gloated . 
It automatically selects stories from particular countries for reading by the international bankers responsible for lending in those areas . 
About one-third pay out of their own pockets , while the rest are covered throughout by Medicare , private insurers or the Veterans Administration . 
Mr. Trump never said how much AMR stock he had bought , only that his holdings were `` substantial . '' 
Mr. Merksamer is leading the buy-out . 
Media General Inc. intends to sell two of its West Coast weekly newspaper chains , Golden West Publishing Inc. and Highlander Publications , which together comprise 31 papers . 
He said that American Telephone & Telegraph , MCI Communications Corp. , Rochester Telephone Corp. and IBM itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project . 
Meanwhile , the exchange has been trying to lower costs . 
Money-fund assets have been rising at an average rate of $ 1.6 billion a week in recent months , Ms. Negus said , reflecting the relatively high yields . 
Still , the book produces more smoke than a smoldering sofa , along with a few flames , especially concerning the use of steroids . 
Murata said , however , it will invest about 1.4 billion yen ( $ 9.9 million ) in the new company . 
Airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week , but it still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines expected . 
Fibreboard Corp. said it completed the previously reported sale of approximately 27,500 acres of timberland near Truckee , Calif. , to closely held Sierra Pacific Industries Corp. , Arcata , Calif. , for $ 32.5 million . 
The new exchange drew instant recognition from an unwelcome quarter . 
But Richard Anderson , head of the Forum for College Financing Alternatives , at Columbia University , a research group partly financed by the federal government , says zeros are particularly ill-suited . 
Traditionally , boiler rooms operate on the cheap , since few , if any , customers ever visit their offices . 
The seaborne meetings wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed . 
One sign that more Soviet purchases are possible is that U.S. grain companies yesterday bought an unusually large amount of corn futures contracts . 
Peter Gumbel in Moscow contributed to this article . 
The pound strengthened to $ 1.5795 from $ 1.5765 . 
He cut her hair . 
The owner , who begs anonymity , asserts that the dwarf , appearing as a dark shadow , has manhandled her , tossing her around the living room and yanking out a hank of hair . 
Some cut their earnings estimates for the stock this year and predicted more efforts to control costs ahead . 
Other observers note that UAL 's board , having accepted a bid of $ 300 a share , might hold out for a new bid much closer to the original level -- even if it means that the management goes back to running the company for a while and lets things return to normal . 
`` Every broker has blocks of every size and maturity . '' 
Merrill Lynch estimates that fewer than 10 financial institutions currently issue zero-coupon CDs . 
SUN MICROSYSTEMS INC. , Mountain View , maker of desktop computers , annual sales $ 1.77 billion , OTC , no injured employees and very little damage to buildings . 
Mr. Breeden , in his first testimony to Congress since taking the SEC post , said the agency is studying the Friday the 13th market plunge , including how current circuit breakers affected the market that day and the following Monday . 
A mild slowdown probably would have run its course by early 1991 , economists say , while the grueling downturn now expected could stretch into 1992 . 
Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . 
`` I do n't know { Mr. Phillips } all that well . 
Glasnost may be partly responsible , but Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze last year admitted , `` The exaggerated ideological approach undermined tolerance intrinsic to UNESCO . '' 
At such moments Mr. Boyd makes it clear that he has the capacity to be a superior interpreter of Shakespeare . 
Toyota wants to sell about 49,000 Lexus LS400 sedans next year in the U.S. alone . 
Mr. Lang points out that even Success , in part , fits the company 's image , since about 30 % of its readership is female . 
Hachette S.A. , a European media and publishing group , reported a small rise in its attributable first-half group profit , excluding exceptional items , to 133.8 million francs ( $ 21.1 million ) from 130.1 million francs a year earlier . 
`` The break-even point for next year is much lower , but is it low enough ? '' he asked . 
If the deal closes , the two officers will draw salaries from the independent operation , not from Integrated . 
Private-sector union contracts signed in the third quarter granted slightly lower wage increases than those signed in the second quarter , but wage increases still are running above last year 's levels . 
Aeroflot carried about 125 million passengers last year , and Shannon Airport , the airline 's largest transit airport outside the Soviet Union , saw 1,400 Aeroflot flights and 250,000 passengers pass through . 
After the government lawsuit was filed against Lincoln , Sen. DeConcini returned the campaign contributions . 
If the LDP , as currently composed , ca n't make the transformation , then it should split into two parties . 
Some of the utility 's employees may opt for a four-day workweek , 10 hours a day , to cut the commute by 20 % . 
Underwear scored a middling 36 % in brand loyalty , but consumer researchers say that 's actually quite high for such a mundane product . 
Aeroflot could lease some of its cargo planes to Aer Lingus , through GPA , for a joint-venture cargo airline . 
Most also were relatively undercapitalized compared with the size of most Wall Street securities firms . 
Green allowed residents to re-enter ; yellow allowed limited access ; red allowed residents one last entry to gather everything they could within 15 minutes . 
The first effects are , of course , negative as work is disrupted and people lose income and cut spending . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters rub many people in Hollywood the wrong way . 
BanPonce reacted cooly at first , but appeared to be won over , analysts said , by Banco Popular 's assurances that it wanted only a friendly transaction . 
`` We 're doing a little buying '' in some stocks `` that have really been smashed down . '' 
Lakeland holders will have the option to request either stock or cash . 
MADD did n't learn of the fund raising until the couple sent it a check for $ 613 , along with a letter saying that was the charity 's `` share . '' 
To be sure , one wonders what kind of man is this , who feels compelled to try to understand the most primitive longing and instinct in a way that requires the most sophisticated appreciation of visual storytelling . 
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition . 
Ducks are this season 's word for new taxes , under OMB Director Richard Darman 's formulation that `` if it looks like a duck , walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it 's a duck . '' 
For example , what exactly did the CIA tell Major Giroldi and his fellow coup plotters about U.S. laws and executive orders on assassinations ? 
It appears that the only thing Congress is learning from the HUD story is how to enlarge its control of the honey pot going to special interests . 
For several months , officials at the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board have suspected that a metallurgical flaw in the disk led to a crack that ultimately caused the tail engine to break apart in flight . 
`` For $ 10 million , you can move $ 100 million of stocks , '' a specialist on the Big Board gripes . 
For example , about 88 % of Journal readers owned stock ( down slightly from 91 % in a similar poll last year ) . 
Serial bonds are priced to yield to 7.10 % in 1999 . 
Today , Morgenzon is a town of 800 whites and two paved roads . 
But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and rentals and price cuts on some products . 
There were no complaints from affiliates of CBS Inc. and Cable News Network , a unit of Turner Broadcasting System Inc . 
Mr. Driscoll said that , despite continued weakness in the region 's real estate market , Bank of New England expects the rate of increase in nonperforming assets to slow in coming quarters . 
He figures Block earnings are now growing at about a 10 % annual rate ( down from about 14 % the past five years ) and will grow at an 8%-10 % rate in the future . 
Crane said it holds an 8.9 % stake in the company and may seek control . 
The Members know they 're doing wrong , but they need help to restrain their darker compulsions . 
But in the harsh world of today 's Wall Street they have lost out to more aggressive and sometimes less scrupulous successors . 
Walter S. Fisher , executive vice president and general auditor of the bank 's parent , Security Pacific Corp. , said no bank funds were at risk during the investigation . 
To land customers for their well-paying stock custodial business , big banks sometimes will throw in basic indexing services for free . 
It is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the New York Business Group , a non-profit organization with about 300 members . 
American Medical International Inc. , a New York hospital operator , will be deleted from the index at that time . 
Gary J. Schantz , 44 years old , was named president and chief operating officer . 
The pertinent question , coming at the end of a lengthy , confidential questionnaire , was this : `` Are there things about your college life you would like to tell us that we did n't ask about ? '' 
For Iowa , a $ 1.8 million request became $ 12 million for Senator Grassley , ranking minority member of a military construction subcommittee . 
General Motors Corp. 's general counsel hopes to cut the number of outside law firms the auto maker uses from about 700 to 200 within two years . 
But the officials insist that such a deal on a future vote would have to apply to both the House and the Senate . 
USAir 's deal with Mr. Buffett `` was n't exactly a shining example of shareholder democracy , '' Mr. Steinhardt says . 
`` The company has been completely revamped , '' said Frank Knuettel , analyst for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
Peter Laird , a Los Angeles lawyer for Ms. Midler , said , `` We believe that the verdict reaffirms her position and our position that advertisers and advertising agencies can not with impunity imitate the voices of well-known performers . 
Mason serves commercial and government customers , including the National Institutes of Health . 
By the second half of 1990 , USAir stock could hit 60 , says Helane Becker of Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
SCI TV 's six stations once were part of Storer Communications . 
But this year , Honda has revamped the Accord and made it a midsized car . 
But no one has made a serious effort to transplant the crop . 
Much of the moderation came from declining energy prices , which have since turned up a bit , analysts said . 
Net income : $ 44.9 million ; or 25 cents a share 
Clinton and Timken agreed not to disclose the value of the contract . 
Says one city official : `` Everybody else had brought in the wagons and made their deal . 
A Guinness spokesman declined to comment . 
A report in this week 's issue of the Journal of the National Cancer Institute also projects that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer , the leading cause of cancer death , should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate . 
The Counter Spy Shop in Washington , D.C. , for instance , offers the `` Secret Connection '' attache case , which can surreptitiously record conversations for nine hours at a stretch . 
One of the leaders behind the expanded use of 900 numbers is Call Interactive , a joint venture of giants American Express Co. and American Telephone & Telegraph Co . 
Mr. Morishita is a leading figure among Japan 's 38,000 `` machikin , '' which lend to small companies , and `` sarakin , '' which lend to individuals . 
The West German paper company entered the venture in April 1988 by acquiring a 50 % stake , also from Beghin-Say . 
But more recently , the pound has been falling with high inflation , which has also seemed almost impervious to the high interest rates Mr. Lawson deployed to stop it . 
Margins are the difference between the yield on the company 's earning assets and its own cost of funds . 
Hoses and plastics together account for about 42 % of Trinova 's total annual sales . 
`` Underwriters of the TVA bonds reduced their market risk by selling Treasurys to cover at least part of their { TVA } holdings , '' said James R. Capra , a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Government Securities Inc . 
Tuesday , Nov. 7 , 8-9 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Hurricane ! '' 
Ms. Slater reports on personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
`` We do not feel that seats are reserved ( for patent lawyers ) , '' says Justice spokesman David Runkel , who declines to say how soon a candidate will be named . 
Mr. Bronner seems to believe that the hearings could have gone either way . 
`` I like to use them to feel out the market , '' he says . 
One secretary testified that the judge once called her to his office while wearing nothing at all . 
He estimates that the price of West Texas Intermediate , the U.S. benchmark crude , was $ 4.04 a barrel higher during the third quarter of this year than in the same period last year . 
These measurements can indicate temperature changes , researchers said , because the rates of evaporation of these oxygen atoms differ as temperatures change . 
At current levels of economic activity and earnings , stocks are fairly valued , she says . 
`` You ca n't go anywhere in this company and find an organizational chart , '' one delights . 
Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic . 
Georgia-Pacific Corp. offered to acquire Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion . 
General Dynamics Corp. was awarded contracts totaling $ 589 million for one Navy Trident submarine and for Air Force research on the National Aerospace plane . 
Nissan started advertising Infiniti fully eight months before the cars hit American showrooms . 
It 's the line-item veto , a procedure that would allow the president to kill individual items in a big spending bill passed by Congress without vetoing the entire bill . 
And you can look to the leadership and ask them why that is the perception of the American people . '' 
`` There are a lot of them , and they have property . '' 
Curdling Confession 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.52 % . 
The market 's attention is especially focused on a preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product , due out Thursday , which could show the economy is continuing to expand at a relatively brisk pace . 
Mr. Tait say he does n't blame Lilly . 
Perhaps the fiscal shock of tax cuts is after all best absorbed by floating rates , though of course in the event Mr. Lawson resigned over whether to support a weak pound , not restrain a strong one . 
Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston and his various political causes , and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers . 
Par , a generic-drug maker that has been plagued by management problems , was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into the drug-approval process and a Food and Drug Administration investigation . 
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it . 
He previously held similar responsibilities . 
`` Some retail accounts , such as commercial banks and pension funds , wanted to get on the bandwagon before it was too late , '' said Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
The transaction also would combine Fresenius USA and Delmed . 
So IBM will be announcing more than 50 products that will be aimed at letting even the dumbest machine tool talk to the smartest mainframe , or anything in between . 
Too early to tell , but a trade deficit that is significantly smaller than we imagined does suggest a review of our trade posture . 
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday . 
In addition , economists are forecasting a slowdown in foreign direct investments as businessmen become increasingly wary of China 's deteriorating political and economic environment . 
`` This is dangerous and misrepresents Abbie 's life , '' says Ms. Lawrenson , who has had an advance look at the 36-page script . 
He 's not predicting a blockbuster , but he is `` more optimistic than three months ago '' because employment remains strong and inflation low . 
12:38 a.m . 
And anybody who lacked the backing of the retail sales force `` would be fragile , '' said a Daiwa executive . 
`` After a few years , you can argue there has been natural appreciation , '' says Susan Theran , the publisher of Leonard 's Annual Price Index of Art Auctions . 
He huddled with directors at a special meeting two weeks ago and tried to block his opponent . 
Much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading , designed to profit from differences in prices between stocks and index futures . 
More than half of the `` newly found '' net exports were from just a few service-sector categories . 
Last year , the top 12 players on each NFL team took home an average $ 536,000 , a figure comparable to baseball and higher than in basketball . 
VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. , Palo Alto , instrumentation and semiconductor equipment company , annual sales of $ 1.3 billion , had only minor damage and no slowdowns were anticipated . 
Mr. Kaiser noted that gold was more than 71 times the price of silver at the close yesterday , which is historically high . 
WCRS has been in discussions with Eurocom for several months . 
`` Texas has lost its distinctiveness , leaving Texans with a hunger to feel proud about themselves , '' says Stephen Klineberg , a sociology professor at Rice University , Houston . 
If Integrated regains Royal Alliance , the representatives will retain their 49 % ownership . 
Indeed , in early October the West German central bank raised its discount and Lombard rates by a full percentage point . 
But the people familiar with the talks said that Warner is n't expected to get any cash in the settlement . 
A two-day meeting of representatives of Cocom , the 17-nation group that oversees exports of sensitive goods to communist countries , did n't take any substantive decisions on trimming the list of items under controls . 
I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California and its environmental movement , but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call . 
The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for or against Mr. Gandhi and his five years in power -- five years of ups and downs , promises and disappointments and wide fluctuations in popularity . 
He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know `` precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last . '' 
In its last fiscal year , Nissan 's profit represented just 2.3 % of sales , compared with 4.3 % at Toyota . 
The offering , Series 104 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 % securities . 
`` People are looking for an ability to try and read the market , rather than be manipulated , '' said Dudley A. Eppel , manager of equity trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
Rohm & Haas , which plans to start operating seven new production units this year , attributed the profit slide partly to higher start-up expense . 
The Postels did not give permission . 
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim . 
The Senate is expected to consider the bill shortly , says the senator 's spokesman . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Descendants of the Southam family hold an additional 22.6 % stake in the Toronto-based company , Canada 's largest newspaper publisher . 
The problem , market makers say , is that while the industrial average and the S&P 500 usually recover as buy programs kick in , the Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind . 
But he said Akzo is considering `` alliances '' with American drug companies , although he would n't elaborate . 
The Cambodian horror was so bad that the Vietnamese occupation in 1978 was a perverse form of relief . 
`` We like to make our own judgments '' about Mr. Morishita , says Christopher Davidge , Christies ' group managing director . 
What I 'm trying to say to people is , it 's proper to worry about program trading , but it 's only a piece of the business . '' 
At the time , Mr. Gatward said his friendship with Mr. Price had smoothed the way for its link with the small British company . 
Sales rose 9 % to $ 2.57 billion from $ 2.36 billion . 
A spokesman for the company said a meeting would be held for shareholders to vote on the amendment before year 's end . 
Commercials will highlight heart-rending scenes of Texas and chest-swelling , ain't-it-great-to-be-a-Texan music . 
He says he has quit the business and is back in school , majoring in psychology with aspirations to go into industrial psychology . ) 
Reynolds Metals Co. said third-quarter net income dropped nearly 10 % to $ 123.7 million , or $ 2.10 a share , from $ 137.2 million , or $ 2.56 a share , a year earlier . 
He also has kept a close wrap on the names of people under consideration for the crucial post of enforcement director at the commission , a job vacant since the summer . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
Mr. Herman is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
But `` term '' means just that ; the policy is written for a specific time period only and must be renewed when it expires . 
To hear advertisers tell it , the magazine just has n't kept up with the times . 
Markets -- 
White House officials acknowledged yesterday that Democrats still are reluctant to publicly express support for the Packwood-Roth capital gains proposal because they are loath to buck Sen. Mitchell . 
But their ideal of an Afrikaner homeland , an all-white reserve to be carved out of present-day South Africa , is a mainstream desire of the right-wing , which embraces about one-third of the country 's five million whites . 
The stock 's decline also has left the UAL board in a quandary . 
These days , he is as known for his flamboyant tastes and the youthful muse who shares his life as he is for his books . 
Some traders noted individual investors dumped NTT shares amid growing expectation for a division of the company as suggested by a recent government-sponsored panel . 
Some Japanese operations , such as securities-trading rooms , may be ahead of their American counterparts , he says , but `` basically , there 's little analysis done on computers in Japan . '' 
The split will raise the number of shares outstanding to about 10.2 million . 
Total capital investment at the site could be as much as $ 400 million , according to Intel . 
And taxpayer groups are urging legislation in many other states . 
The increasing likelihood that Cananea and Highland Valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , but even if any of these mines begin operating soon , their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year , analysts note . 
But Sun Microsystems slipped 1\/4 to 17 1\/4 . 
That should help to inspire confidence , Mr. Gilmore says . 
In fact , sophisticated big-bucks boiler-room scams are known generically among law-enforcement types as `` Newport Beach '' operations . 
Aer Lingus is in discussions with the Soviet carrier about a cargo venture and other possibilities . 
The new U.S. plan also would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily . 
The effort to create the nation 's largest employee-owned company began unraveling Oct. 13 when the labor-management group was unable to obtain financing for its $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion offer . 
Rally officials were n't available to comment late yesterday . 
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . '' 
The new Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) was created in 1972 to replace the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants . 
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS are concluding fewer criminal cases with trials . 
Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel `` hugged and congratulated me , and expressed joy that we had finally realized our long-term ambition of running and having an equity position in a major entertainment company . '' 
Cray Research Inc. forecast that 1990 will be a no-growth year for its supercomputer line . 
`` You have to watch out for counterbids , '' said one analyst . `` 
But William O. Bourke , chairman and chief executive officer , said the ingot price `` appears to have bottomed out . '' 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 14 % to $ 589 million from $ 515.1 million . 
For an investor paying tax at a 33 % rate , a seemingly puny 6 % yield on a one-year muni is equivalent to a taxable 9 % . 
Junk bond prices moved higher , however . 
But it is not Janet Malcolm who calls him such : his own words reveal this psychological profile . '' 
And hardly surprising , many residents trying to cope with the city 's other problems are constantly on edge , one ethnic group scrapping with another . 
HEALTH BENEFITS remain a central lobbying effort , even as Section 89 fades . 
Chemical Banking Corp. -- 14 million common shares , via Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Prudential Insurance is based in Newark , N.J . 
The Pentagon 's recently issued `` Soviet Military Power , '' though in general adopting a softer line , repeated the Sverdlovsk assessment . 
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed . 
But while they want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities now , they 're afraid of being hammered by another terrifying plunge . 
Strategies vary for Westridge Capital , which has $ 300 million under management . 
Compared with its previous quarter , the final period of its 1989 fiscal year , net rose 9 % , and sales rose 7 % . 
`` I was never a rebel , '' he said in an earlier interview . 
The prosecutor must show that less-intrusive remedies ( such as bonds ) are not likely to preserve the assets for forfeiture in the event of a conviction . 
Seoul has pointed to its lack of a foreign exchange market as one reason the won 's value remains heavily controlled . 
Mr. Smith and other top Federal executives have met with Tiger workers in Los Angeles , Ohio , New York , Alaska , Asia and Europe . 
On top of this , the traveler who converts his dollars into foreign currency before the trip starts will lose interest from the day of conversion . 
However , home builders would have to bear the full costs of such beach-house construction . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : Prices closed lower after trading in relatively narrow ranges because of strong selling in the cash market and continued favorable harvest weather . 
In any high-stakes case , you can be sure that one side or the other -- or even both -- is using litigation consultants . 
Housing Developers Try Brand-Name Buildings 
Scientists felt differently . 
THE IRS WILL PAY if its error burdens you with bank charges . 
In a June 5 reaction , the Bankers Trust Co. unit proclaimed the economy `` shockproof . '' 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
With our schedule , it 's hard to sleep well knowing what is going to happen the next day '' . 
The diners at my table simply lit more Gauloises and scoffed at the suggestion of interrupting a perfectly good Saturday morning to go golfing or even montgolfing ( ballooning to you ; the brothers Montgolfier , French of course , were the world 's first hot-air balloonists ) . 
Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406 . 
Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds , too . 
`` The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , '' he says . 
Mr. Dinkins concedes nothing in his ability to stumble and bumble . 
By 1982 , however , the patent status of the Lanier microcassette had changed , permitting Dictaphone to develop its own competitive micro system , which it did . 
The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and `` do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof . '' 
Wednesday , it will unveil a $ 7 million refurbishing at its flagship store on Madison Avenue . 
And Mr. Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts , too . 
The Financial Times 100-share index finished at 2161.9 , up 12.6 points . 
The five offices in Erie and Ottawa counties in northern Ohio have total assets of about $ 88 million , Banc One said . 
AT&T also said net income rose 19 % in the third quarter . 
And even when a specific order is acceptable to an exchange , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it for a customer . 
In all , the Los Angeles-based trust plans to sell its interests in 36 hotels , while the corporation will sell its management interests in 32 of those properties . 
The final B-2 agreement is certain to require detailed testing and verification of the bomber 's capabilities , but congressional aides said the accord wo n't include a House-passed provision that would have withheld production funds until Congress approves a cheaper , scaled-down version of the $ 70 billion fleet of 132 B-2s envisioned by the Pentagon . 
Citicorp fell 1\/2 to 32 , and Manufacturers Hanover slipped 3\/8 to 40 1\/4 . 
Michael Hicks , who manages sales and trading for brokerage concern Societe Generale Strauss Turnbull , said : `` It 's a nervous market . 
Revenue increased 20 % to $ 246.6 million from $ 204.8 million . 
I 'm not going to do anything that is not acceptable in anyone 's home . 
Analysts in London believe investors , despite their stampede to dump takeover stocks , should hold on tight to their Jaguar shares , this newspaper 's Heard on the Street column said yesterday . 
Conservative appearances make people think it 's a conservative investment . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bay closed at $ 2.625 , down 25 cents . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce . 
However , Bear Stearns on Monday reported improved earnings for its first quarter , ended Sept. 29 , partly because of a 31 % increase in commissions during the quarter . 
The Waterbury , Conn. , maker of industrial fasteners and metal stampings has 2.3 million shares outstanding . 
In addition , they would receive some $ 200 million in payments for interest since then . 
Libyan leader Gadhafi met with Egypt 's President Mubarak , and the two officials pledged to respect each other 's laws , security and stability . 
The surge in production , analysts say , raises questions about capacity outpacing demand . 
Copper futures prices failed to extend Friday 's rally . 
( Indeed without earlier manipulations , the current sequester of $ 16 billion would have been even larger . ) 
David T. Kearns , Xerox chairman and chief executive officer , cited the restructuring and `` strong '' cost controls for the 13 % growth in profit from business products and systems operations . 
The Treasury is still working out the details with bank trade associations and the other government agencies that have a hand in fighting money laundering . 
Even the carefully calibrated machinery in its giant Fremont plant , to the north of the Valley , was believed to be undamaged . 
New York City 's revised financial plan , due out later this month , is expected to include measures to balance the city 's $ 27 billion budget . 
He cites IBM , which reported a 30 % earnings decline in the third quarter , and which last week announced a $ 1 billion buy-back of its shares . 
`` The press has been doing an excellent job . 
Mr. Krenz , 52 , was named the new party chief just minutes after the Party 's 163-member Central Committee convened in East Berlin . 
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150-member bar association . 
Richard de J. Osborne , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said the company 's `` decisions to get out of asbestos and high-sulfur coal continue the process of simplifying and focusing the company in areas with a better future . '' 
A poll conducted in 12 of 16 NATO countries shows that the Dutch appear to be the strongest supporters of the alliance . 
While the company said chemical margins continued to worsen this quarter , costs will be lower because the maintenance and expansions are complete . 
Today more than 470 money market funds have total assets exceeding $ 350 billion . 
Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . 
If the contract is as successful as some expect , it may do much to restore confidence in futures trading in Hong Kong . 
Northrop 's interest expense also soared to $ 35 million from $ 17 million a year ago . 
The proposed holding company 's primary purpose would be to allow Great American to continue engaging in real estate development activities , it said . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held until it reached a maximum of 35 % . 
By 52%-36 % , Tennessee NFIB members favor laws to limit foreign ownership of land and facilities in the state . 
In its brief , the government asserted that it needs the internal GE documents to rebut anticipated efforts by GE during the trial to demonstrate `` its good corporate character . '' 
Also , James Needham , an SEC commissioner , in April 1972 had warned that the industry might face a `` federal agency writing accounting rules '' if they rejected the FASB idea . 
Mr. Pilevsky , who heads Philips International Holding Corp. , a New York-based real estate company , owns more than a dozen other shopping centers in which K mart is a tenant . 
Maryland National Bank -- $ 267 million of securities backed by home-equity lines of credit through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The company said the gains were tied to volume increases and higher prices . 
Ronald Sloan , executive vice president of Siebel Capital Management , likes Wellman Inc. , a company that recycles plastic into synthetic fibers for carpeting . 
`` There is a reality to the excess energy , '' he said . 
This ballpark , the Stick , was not a classic baseball stadium -- too symmetrical , too much bald concrete . 
Overall , 12 % of consumers are n't brand loyal for any of the 25 product categories . 
Revenue slipped 4.6 % to $ 835 million from $ 876 million . 
The note would accrue interest at the rate of 13.5 % a year , which would be payable to the fund after five years , according to Stephen E. Roulac , a real estate consultant working for the fund . 
Despite fears the mine may be partially nationalized by the new Namibian government following next month 's elections freeing the country from South African control , De Beers engineers are working to extend the mine 's productive life for another 25 years , from the current estimate of 10 . 
In looking at these and other policies , I learn to ask pointed questions about some of the assumptions built into `` policy illustrations '' -- the rows of numbers that show me the buildup of my cash values over the years . 
The merged agency 's game plan to attract multinational packaged-goods advertisers may prove equally difficult . 
He also urged House and Senate negotiators to rid the deficit-reduction bill of all provisions that increase the budget deficit , including the House-passed capital-gains provision . 
While under the control of federal regulators , Independent American 's net worth dropped from $ 75 million to a negative $ 400 million , wiping out the value of Mr. Gaubert 's real estate contribution and his stock in the institution . 
All agencies are New York-based . 
Revenue rose 15 % to $ 2.17 billion from $ 1.89 billion . 
With a pilot who speaks no English . 
Mr. Jones has also beefed up his marketing staff to sell the 118 luxury suites topping Texas Stadium ( his deal with Bum Bright included operating rights for the stadium ) . 
Earlier this month , the White House endorsed stripping the controversial tax measure from the bill so that Congress could pass quickly a `` clean '' bill containing only provisions specifically designed to meet federal budget targets under the Gramm-Rudman act . 
The solution to this problem is a time-limited poison pill . 
The pound was at 2.8896 marks late Friday , off sharply from 2.9511 in New York trading a week earlier . 
The Northern California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina . 
Prudential Insurance Co. of America said it selected four agencies to pitch its $ 60 million to $ 70 million account . 
Earthquake insurance costs about $ 2 to $ 4 annually for every $ 1,000 of value , and high deductibles mean it generally pays only when there is a catastrophe . 
Mr. Brawer , along with Mrs. Coleman and her daughter , Elizabeth , an attorney who is vice chairman , are the family members involved in the operations of Maidenform , which employs about 5,000 . 
She adds that some technological advances trail those in the U.S. because the Japanese still import basic operating systems from American companies . 
Their hope was that the catalyst would seek to oust the board in a solicitation of shareholder consents . 
Ratners and Weisfield 's said they expect to sign definitive agreements shortly and to complete the transaction by Dec. 15 . 
And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts . 
`` If they slip for 10 cents for 10 minutes , I 'll stop , '' he says . 
It said it expects full-year net of 16 billion yen , compared with 15 billion yen in the latest year . 
Much of the money was fraudulently concealed through purchases of prime Manhattan real estate , federal prosecutors have charged . 
Treasury bonds fell sharply on confusion about this week 's Treasury debt auction and rumors that a major Japanese investor was unloading large amounts of long-term bonds . 
PILING ON ? 
About 40 Italian businesses , including Fiat S.p . A. and Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. , have formed a consortium to lobby for holding the expo in Venice . 
Ford officials said they expected the two Merkurs would sell about 15,000 cars a year , and in 1988 they reached that goal , as sales hit 15,261 cars . 
The Ministry of Education is nothing but a cartel for licensed teachers , and certainly does not act on behalf of students . 
Yields on certificates of deposit at major banks were little changed in the latest week . 
Margin rules determine the minimum amount of cash an investor must put up when buying a security . 
The trial begins today in federal court in Philadelphia . 
The husky blond guide with the Aggie cap twists his face in mock fury . 
The legislation would open the way for more telephone services and more competition in the telephone business in the three provinces , federal officials said . 
Fund officials negotiated the final structure of the proposed deal with Santa Fe Pacific , but they were approached with the idea by real estate brokers JMB Realty Corp. of Chicago . 
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . '' 
Source : Morgan Stanley Capital Intl . 
There are a few ramshackle fishing towns with quiet atolls of resort houses nearby . 
In this scenario it 's hard to imagine that a pale imitation of the Federal Republic could avoid being pulled into some kind of tie -- economic , federal or stronger -- with West Germany . 
The $ 2.85 billion measure comes on top of $ 1.1 billion appropriated after Hugo struck the Carolinas and Caribbean last month , and these totals do n't reflect the additional benefit of low-interest disaster loans . 
These days , Mr. Breeden is winning praise in Washington and on Wall Street for his behind-the-scenes role in monitoring the Friday-the-13th market plunge and the following Monday 's harrowing morning session . 
Above the blossoms of lantana and scarlet pea the inky-brown and golden palamedes butterfly floats on its lazy wingbeat . 
`` We do n't know how to get from socialism to capitalism . '' 
But the MGM plan collapsed just two weeks later . 
Capital has been democratized , and people want in . 
By 1987 , these properties were in a tailspin , causing my broker at Pru-Bache to remark that she 'd `` never seen anything like it . '' 
The White House used television appearances and leaks to argue that congressionally imposed restrictions on covert actions made U.S. support for such coups difficult . 
American Home Products said net income benefited from a `` lower effective tax rate , '' reflecting a reduction of foreign tax rates , and additional operations in Puerto Rico . 
`` I could n't afford to hire 16 whites . 
There is the new private jet , the platoon of assistants , invitations to the best parties , and television appearances on shows such as `` Prime Time Live . '' 
And then it will be required to lower taxes by a corresponding amount during a three-year period after the temporary tax increase ends , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of the state department of finance . 
Overall OTC insurance issues were mixed . 
Relatively stable foreign currency dealings Monday were viewed favorably by market players , traders said . 
Says one West German official : `` What 's necessary now is the process of democratization . 
But for those Californians who want exotic gardens out front where neighbors can appreciate them , there 's always Harold Smith 's approach . 
And four states -- California , Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania -- have adopted rules that all parties involved must consent when phone calls are recorded . 
With the market overbuilt , builders are finding limited opportunities and increased risks . 
In August , personal income rose 0.3 % and spending grew 0.9 % . 
Mr. LaMore , 63 , a 48-year veteran at Bearings , has been president since 1983 . 
In addition , both administration and congressional officials said the need for guidelines on coups and assassinations was partly spurred by a White House desire to avoid nasty overseas surprises during the election campaign . 
One learns a lot from this book , or seems to , about crippling federal bureaucracy . 
The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He commissions and splendidly interprets fearsome contemporary scores and does some conducting , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart and Strauss concertos over and over again . 
It did n't specify the nature of the differences , saying only that they related to `` management style '' and `` strategic objectives . '' 
But an unexpected deviation either way could roil bond and currency markets . 
`` Take heart , sports fans , '' he wrote . 
Sales in North America and the Far East were inflated by acquisitions , rising 62 % to # 278 million . 
Under federal transportation law , a government mediator is attempting to reconcile the melding of Tiger 's job classifications into Federal 's . 
In affidavits , each plaintiff claims Mr. Peterson promised the bank purchase would be completed by the end of 1988 or the money returned . 
Coastal Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with Aruba to restart a 150,000-barrel-a-day oil refinery . 
Whitbread also owns the license to brew and distribute Heineken and Stella Artois beers in Britain . 
On routes to South America , the company had no backup jets to ensure delivery when planes were grounded . 
Mr. Lorin responded , `` No . '' 
As in : `` You went ballooning ? ? ! ! 
SynOptics Communications Inc. , proposed public offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 1,003,884 shares are to be sold by the company and 496,116 shares are to be sold by holders , via Morgan Stanley & Co. and Hambrecht & Quist . 
Scenario 2 extends the recent compromises between the House and the Senate ; it splits the difference between Scenarios 1 and 3 , by increasing the budget at 2 % per year . 
Further , McCaw said the banks expressed confidence that the balance of the $ 4.5 billion bank facility will be committed within the next several weeks by a syndicate of foreign and domestic banks . 
Mr. Cathcart says he has had `` a lot of fun '' at Kidder , adding the crack about his being a `` tool-and-die man '' never bothered him . 
But Mr. Clough says , `` The risk is that earnings disappointments will continue . '' 
Sulzer preferred him to financier Tito Tettamanti , whose secretive raid on the company 's stock had led to a bitter battle . 
A 35-nation environmental conference opened in Sofia , Bulgaria . 
Revenue rose 14 % to $ 4.03 billion from $ 3.54 billion . 
The fledgling National Children 's Cancer Society , for example , took in $ 2.5 million last year to finance bone-marrow transplants for children . 
At this year 's event , the third since the festival got under way in 1985 , Idrissa Ouedraogo of Burkina Faso won the Sakura Gold prize of $ 143,000 for `` Yaaba '' ( `` Old Woman '' ) . 
`` We believe that there are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position and we encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key RTC appointment , '' the letter said . 
As a result , yields on long-term muni bonds now stand at about 95 % of long-term Treasury yields , the highest such level in more than two years . 
On Oct. 29 , 1929 -- a date historians stubbornly insist on associating with the dreaded C-word -- the DJ industrials fell 12.8 % . 
The consensus forecast of 14 economists surveyed by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report is for a 1.2 % drop in September orders . 
Revenue was about flat at $ 2.4 billion . 
a - Discounted rate . 
The Nasdaq over-the-counter market did n't fully recover from a selling stampede , and closed down 1.2 % . 
Nevertheless , the stakes are still high for the players directly involved in the GAF case . 
At the appointed exit , the family pulled over , and Mrs. Engelken went to get her papers . 
Others point out that lawyers in small communities have always had a feel for public sentiment -- and used that to advantage . 
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country . 
Regarding Mr. Hunt 's taxes , he and the IRS have apparently agreed on a basic formula for liquidating his estate in which the IRS would get 70 % of the proceeds from a liquidating trust and 30 % would go to other creditors . 
In the six months ended Sept. 30 , pretax profit at the British clothing and food retailer rose to # 208.7 million ( $ 330.1 million ) from # 185.5 million a year ago . 
Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of promotion , merchandising , publicity and other marketing outlets , and to integrate those services . 
That was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage . 
`` They need to do something about this , '' said Maury Harris , economist at PaineWebber Group Inc . 
The company plans to be fully operational today . 
Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said . 
Mattel added 1 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 , Tonka firmed 1 to 18 1\/2 and Lewis Galoob Toys rose 7\/8 to 13 5\/8 on the Big Board , while Hasbro gained 1 to 21 7\/8 on the American Stock Exchange . 
MCI COMMUNICATIONS Corp. said it filed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for issuance of as much as $ 750 million of debt securities . 
Financial markets took a midweek break from their recent wild gyrations with stock prices falling modestly , bond prices posting tiny gains and the dollar almost unchanged . 
It even directed newspapers not to publish anything that might stain the honor of the Turkish sultan 's wives . 
Norfolk Southern 's board approved a buy-back of up to 45 million shares , valued at over $ 1.7 billion . 
`` Atlanta , '' Mr. Savageau sniffs , `` has unrealistic pretensions to world-class status . '' 
But the proposals also display political savvy , couching some of the most controversial ideas in cautious language so as not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government who stand to lose out if they are implemented . 
West Germany 's 7 % issue due October 1999 rose 0.13 point to 99.93 to yield 7.01 % , while the 6 3\/4 % issue due July 1994 rose 0.05 to 97.70 to yield 7.33 % . 
Citicorp also said that the average rate rose to 8.0087 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 7.962 % at last week 's sale . 
And pressure by big investors forced Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. to sweeten Chicago & North Western 's $ 475 million junk bond offering . 
By an 84-6 margin , the Senate approved the bulk of the spending Friday , but the bill was then sent back to the House to resolve the question of how to address budget limits on credit allocations for the Federal Housing Administration . 
Of the major New York-based securities firms , only Morgan Stanley & Co. still calls its salespeople brokers . 
The U.S. should take care , however , that its own position in the country does not go down with him . 
Many of the adjusters employed by Aetna and other insurers have some experience with construction work or carpentry . 
There ca n't be an older baseball fan alive who does n't clearly remember that Bobby Thomson homer , who ca n't tell you where he was when he heard the famous Russ Hodges radio broadcast -- the one that concluded with Mr. Hodges shouting , over and over , `` The Giants win the pennant , the Giants win the pennant ! '' 
Notes offered at a fixed level of 99.75 . 
Average daily trading volume : 74,351 shares 
Although Bausch remains the leader among the six majors , Johnson & Johnson , with its new disposables , is coming on fast . 
The reason was not high interest rates or labor costs . 
Union Carbide 's earnings plunged 35 % in the third quarter , reflecting weakness in the company 's core chemicals and plastics businesses . 
A bankruptcy court hearing is set for Nov. 3 on these accords . 
A month ago , a similar survey predicted the dollar would be trading at 1.8690 marks and 139.75 yen by the end of October . 
American Home Products 
Goodyear 's profit rose 11 % in the quarter , buoyed by improved operating results in its tire business . 
It also gives the outspoken Mr. Della Femina -- who often generates as much publicity for himself as for his clients -- an international platform that he most certainly wo n't be loath to use . 
The discrepancy may be because asking people about their fitness regime is a bit like inquiring about their love life . 
A Canadian government agency conditionally approved proposed exports to the U.S. of natural gas from big , untapped fields in the Mackenzie River delta area of the western Canadian Arctic . 
And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets . 
Some 1,750 members quit the exchange last year , more than triple the number of resignations in 1987 . 
AMR has not been , and is not , for sale . '' 
Western Union had offered to swap each $ 1,000 face amount of the notes for six shares of common stock and two new debt issues : a $ 500 note paying an interest rate starting at 16.75 % annually and rising in later years , due in 1992 , and a $ 500 note , due in 1997 , paying a fixed rate of 17 % and including rights protecting a holder against a decline in the trading price of the bond . 
The approach has generated so much interest that NYU is host to the first conference on cooperative care Nov. 30 . 
For instance , he has n't stated a clear position on high-risk , high-yield junk bonds , an area of growing concern as turmoil in the junk market spills over into stocks . 
The latest quarter included a gain of $ 193.3 million , or $ 2.46 a share , from the sale of New York Times Cable , completed in August . 
Some stock-index funds are huge . 
Tass said the final budget and economic plan calls for a sharp increase in the production of consumer goods . 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
Instead of castling , a standard measure to safeguard the king , D.T. made a second-rate rook maneuver at move 13 ; then it put a knight offside on move 16 . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
Ratings , he notes , `` are subject to change . '' 
The conspiracy was part of an effort by Mr. Reed to hide FirstSouth 's shaky financial condition from federal regulators , according to federal prosecutors and regulators . 
It was during the quiet exodus down the pristine concrete ramps of the Stick that I really understood the point of all those Walkmen and Watchmen . 
It is also planning another night of original series . 
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century . 
About $ 518 million of debt is affected . 
Gallery directors , meanwhile , say Mr. Paul and others of his ilk have left an indelible mark on the art world -- and not for the better . 
At the bottom of the slump , Schlumberger Inc. was discounting 75 % on an electronic evaluation of a well ; now it discounts about 50 % , drillers say . 
First , a pop quiz . 
Closer to home , the negotiators were more generous . 
We keep a lot of shrines to him around the Pentagon : statues , busts , relics and such . 
Earlier this year , New York Life Insurance Co. agreed to acquire Windsor Group Ltd. , a first step toward establishing a presence in the European market ahead of 1992 . 
The British conglomerate cited the recent turmoil in financial markets . 
A Bank of New York spokesman in Manhattan , Owen Brady , said , `` That 's the maximum , outside figure . 
The first one permits a witness to refuse to testify against her spouse . 
An unmanned spacecraft , Magellan , already is heading to Venus and is due to begin mapping the planet next August . 
My American companion and I were left to ride alfresco in the wicker basket . 
After all , in all five recessions since 1960 , stocks declined . 
And at first , neither the opposition nor the LDP wanted to pursue the issue . 
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan . 
But knowing that mechanics would probably ground him for repairs , Mr. Brown skipped his stop in nearby Chicago and set course to get his load -- a few hundred parcels -- to the Memphis package-sorting hub on time . 
That 's because airline earnings , like those of auto makers , have been subject to the cyclical ups-and-downs of the economy . 
The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle . 
A licensed government intellectual , Francis Fukuyama , recently announced in The National Interest that history is , so to speak , at an end since the course of human progress has now culminated in the glorious full stop of American civilization . 
The 190-point plunge in the stock market Oct. 13 has heightened concerns about volatility . 
The competition gives the seller the ability to cut a better deal , '' he says . 
WPP GROUP 'S Ogilvy & Mather expects profit margins to improve to 11.5 % in 1990 in the U.S. 
The report says that investigations were severely hampered by lack of cooperation from Bofors . 
A federal judge in Manhattan has entered a judgment requiring a Chicago organized crime figure to pay the government $ 250,000 , representing alleged profits he gained from his involvement with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters . 
But one Bush administration official knowledgeable about the summit plan cautioned against assuming that there will be bold new initiatives on the Soviet economy or other issues . 
The prisons are too crowded . 
AMR declined to comment , and Mr. Trump did n't respond to requests for interviews . 
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self-congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped . 
`` We wanted them to build a road here , '' he says . 
Utilities are a classic example : Even in recessions , people continue to use electric power , water and gas at a fairly steady rate . 
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman . 
He found 85 still overvalued and 15 fairly valued . 
The return of the Rothschilds is modest . 
Christian legislators are insisting on a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon before agreeing to political changes giving the nation 's Moslems a greater role in Beirut 's government . 
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors have begun exploring alternative approaches to a Chapter 11 reorganization because they are unhappy with the carrier 's latest proposal . 
`` While the overall picture is very encouraging , significant corporate tax avoidance continues , '' the study said . 
`` And there he was , '' recalls Mr. Engelken . 
President Frank Richardson attributed the decline to lower natural gas prices , which countered higher earnings from the crude oil sector of Shell 's exploration and production operation . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the well-servicing contractor had net income of $ 319,000 , or 3 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 15 million . 
Last year , for example , Avalon and others invested $ 14 million in Athena Neurosciences Inc. , South San Francisco , Calif. , to license and develop technology for delivery of drugs to the brain . 
The Machinists rejected a proposal featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract , plus bonuses of 8 % the first year and 3 % the second . 
Officials at Options Clearing Corp. , which processes all options trades for U.S. exchanges , said that the $ 50 million guarantee was unprecedented , but was necessary to help insure the integrity of the options markets . 
`` But new managers will have to be creators and innovators ... and for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside and outside the company can be reached easily , and also shared . '' 
When the Germans lost World War I , they lost Namibia to South Africa and the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer , patriarch of Anglo American Corp. and De Beers . 
It 's not that there are n't any bids , but the bids do n't meet the minimum `` reserve '' prices set by the sellers . 
More than 70,000 people filled a soccer stadium on the outskirts of the black township of Soweto and welcomed freed leaders of the outlawed African National Congress . 
Given the seismic history of the Bay Area , `` it seems to me that a 6.9 earthquake is a foreseeable event . '' 
But Bogdan Gumkowski , who runs the casino at Warsaw 's Marriott Hotel , said the ventures would help Poland service its $ 39 billion foreign debt by pouring dollars into the state firms in the joint ventures -- the LOT airline and Orbis tourist organization . 
B.A.T said it purchased 2.5 million shares at 785 . 
ESB directors warmly accepted , but a whirlwind bidding match ensued . 
Besides holding the promise of safer spinal surgery , the probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as strokes and multiple sclerosis . 
Thomas P. Marrie , chief financial officer , would n't comment about the details of the negotiations . 
The Watts mall has annual sales of more than $ 350 per leasable square foot ; the figure for a comparable suburban shopping center would be $ 200 . 
Other investors have lost millions in partnerships that bought thoroughbred racehorses or stallion breeding rights . 
An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Hawaii and Alaska , but estimates by the tobacco industry yesterday indicate all but about 30 flights would be covered . 
To add aftershock-damping power to America 's markets , a modern , electronic trading system should be implemented that permits equal access to the trading arena ( and the information that would automatically accompany such access ) by investors -- particularly institutional investors . 
Some women clearly have no trouble eventually conceiving again : The studies have reported repeaters in their programs . 
Also named to the revised board was Thomas A. Loose , Recognition 's senior vice president and general counsel . 
That 's why some investment managers , such as Alex Powers , a vice president of Chase Manhattan Bank 's private banking division , do n't recommend most asset-backed issues for individuals in high-tax states , such as New York or California . 
Salespeople also could get a precise reading on when products could be delivered -- in much the same way that Federal Express has marketed its ability to tell exactly where a package is in the delivery system . 
In over-the-counter trading Monday , the stock closed at $ 10.625 , off 37.5 cents . 
Proceeds of the sale will be used to redeem C$ 675 million of government bonds maturing Nov. 1 and for general government purposes . 
THE U.S. . IS REQUIRED to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plans . 
If after such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill , it shall be sent , together with the Objections , to the other House , by which it shall likewise be reconsidered , and if approved by two thirds of that House , it shall become a Law ... . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 . 
MCA owns WWOR in New York and Paramount last month agreed to purchase a 79 % stake in the TVX Broadcast Group from Salomon Inc. in a deal valued at $ 140 million . 
Part of the bridge collapsed in the quake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale . 
`` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . 
The stars do that themselves . ) 
Imperial said it had n't been served with this suit either . 
Also , the company issued 300 million marks of convertible bonds with an indicated 2 3\/4 % coupon due March 31 , 1995 , at par , via Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale Bank . 
Shareholders ' funds as of July 31 were estimated at more than A$ 1 billion , Mr. Skase said , compared with A$ 725 million a year earlier . 
American Home Products , based in New York , agreed to recall four other products , trazadone , doxepin , diazepam and lorazapam , because of concerns about data submitted in their original approval applications before the FDA . 
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . '' 
The company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Biggest trouble was scared family who could n't get a phone line through , and spent a really horrible hour not knowing . 
While it is still too early to tell whether the dearth of takeover activity is only temporary , many lawyers say their firms are bracing for lower revenue from merger work , which has been so lucrative in the past . 
Wednesday , October 18 , 1989 
Copper 
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health-club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion . 
There are also about $ 124 million of 6 1\/2 % bonds priced to yield 7.25 % in 2012 ; about $ 97 million of 6 % bonds priced to yield 7.20 % in 2014 ; and about $ 26.5 million of 5 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2016 . 
UNC Inc. , an Annapolis , Md. , contractor that earned $ 23.8 million on revenue of $ 400.4 million in 1988 , has gone even further in realigning its military business . 
Stock prices , meanwhile , are about 140 points lower than the peak of 2791.41 reached on the Dow industrial average Oct. 9 . 
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . 
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares . 
There are , according to several securities commissioners , at least 16 states that are either close to settlements with Drexel or who do n't appear opposed to settling . 
Your Oct. 2 editorial `` Reding , Wrighting & Erithmatic '' on the recent `` education summit '' was like most pieces on the subject of education : It had little to say . 
That sounds like a formula for ensuring that he gets dragged into the next HUD tar pit . 
Investors in the over-the-counter market dumped banking and insurance issues , sending the Nasdaq composite index lower for the third consecutive session . 
Combustion Engineering Inc. , Stamford , Conn. , said it sold and agreed to sell several investments and nonstrategic businesses for about $ 100 million , which will be used for reducing debt and general purposes . 
Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38 % of the city 's population and hold only 25 % of the seats on the council . 
Yellow pages advertising sales rose 11.8 % to $ 41.2 million . 
It 's also widespread for reservations clerks in the airline , car-rental , hotel and railroad industries . 
It could cost taxpayers $ 15 million to install and BPC residents $ 1 million a year to maintain . 
After an 88-year absence from the birthplace of the family banking empire , the return of the Rothschild group to Frankfurt was greeted by the glare of television lights , curious reporters and a mayoral reception in Town Hall . 
But the deal fell apart last week for lack of financing . 
He is a mechanical engineer , not an atmospheric chemist . 
A separate study of the extent of employee misconduct linked general job satisfaction to property loss . 
In the hard-hit Marina neighborhood , life after the earthquake is often all too real , but sometimes surreal . 
Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options `` are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , '' Mr. Luthringshausen said . 
Iverson Technology is one of many small defense contractors besieged by the slowdown in defense spending . 
`` RJR Nabisco and Planters LifeSavers will concentrate more on our own core businesses , '' Mr. Gerstner said Friday . 
As a result of the adhesive problem on the Ford Escort subcompacts , windshields may easily separate from the car during frontal impact , the U.S. auto maker said . 
`` TPA sales are down quarter to quarter . 
The U.S. wants a higher won to make South Korea 's exports more expensive and help trim Seoul 's trade surplus . 
The preliminary conclusion from a survey of 200 downtown high-rises is that `` we were incredibly lucky , '' said Lawrence Kornfield , San Francisco 's chief building inspector . 
The only other endorsement permitted by the contract involves a series of Time-Life home improvement and repair books . 
TransCanada transports all gas that moves eastward from Alberta . 
Mr. Icahn , a much more practiced raider than Mr. Steinhardt , eventually sold a big USAir stake at a tiny profit through Bear , Stearns . 
As they stumble and bumble toward election day two weeks from tomorrow , both Democrat David Dinkins and Republican Rudolph Giuliani are in trouble . 
-- Eduard Shevardnadze , Oct. 23 , 1989 . 
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article . 
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . '' 
But when the high court ruled in the Webster case in July , the president began to lower the volume . 
The company 's new management , which took control of Amdura 's board after a consent solicitation last month , wanted to extend the loan while it tries to sell two units . 
Can you imagine ? 
`` Some people call me the communist billionaire , '' she has told visitors . 
The benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 102 3\/32 , compared with 101 17\/32 Friday . 
When it announced the planned breakup in May , Cray Research said development costs of several competing projects were squeezing its earnings growth . 
Anyone who 's tried to appear `` natural '' in front of a camera knows that it 's much more natural to end up looking like a stiff . 
The Soviet purchases are close to exceeding what some analysts had expected the Soviet Union to buy this fall , the season in which it usually buys much of the corn it imports from the U.S. . 
Sales rose 4.8 % to $ 1.20 billion from $ 1.14 billion . 
Lawrence Group also owns Lawrence Agency Corp. , Schenectady , N.Y. , an insurance agency and brokerage . 
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit-card receivables . 
If a conductor is sensitive enough to bring down the orchestra { volume } at that point , it makes the piece magical . 
The yield on the benchmark bond rose slightly to 7.98 % from 7.96 % . 
Of the 17.6 million rights units issued , just under 17 million were exercised before the Oct. 10 expiration of the offering , the insurance holding company said . 
`` We have enough products to make and the markets to sell these products . '' 
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . 
But home-building stocks were a mixed bag . 
On Friday , some issues fell nearly one point , or close to $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
On a per-share basis , quarterly earnings remained at $ 1.85 , the same as last year , because of the company 's share buy-back program . 
So big is the capital-spending boom that Japanese companies ' outlays in Japan topped American companies ' domestic outlays by $ 521.4 billion to $ 494.8 billion in the 12 months ended March 31 even though Japan 's total output of goods and services is less than two-thirds America 's . 
Elsewhere in the group , General Re rose 2 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 , American International Group gained 3 1\/4 to 102 5\/8 , Aetna Life & Casualty added 2 3\/8 to 59 1\/2 and Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 62 1\/2 . 
Investors apparently did n't like the news from Rainbow Technologies either . 
The No. 2 auto maker blamed incentive costs and reduced production -- both the result of a substantially weaker U.S. market -- for a 44 % drop in net to $ 477.1 million , or $ 1.03 a share , on revenue of $ 20.24 billion . 
This year he bought two stores , one in Brooklyn and one in Queens . 
Still , he says , `` it 's no bad thing '' if all the marketing prods people into putting aside a little more . 
Many of Wednesday 's winners were losers yesterday as investors quickly took profits and rotated their buying to other issues , traders said . 
At the same time , only four securities firms have signed up with the Big Board to buy and sell ESPs as market makers , an unenthusiastic response . 
France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % . 
Traders said hedging related to the TVA pricing also pressured Treasury bonds . 
The suits relate to a $ 200 million loss , disclosed in December , that was suffered by West Virginia 's consolidated investment pool . 
Intel also added 3\/8 to 33 7\/8 . 
Fatalities on rural interstates rose 33 % between 1986 and last year , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in a report on the impact of the 65 miles-per-hour speed limit on those roads . 
Loews , the parent of CNA Financial , rose 1 3\/8 to 123 1\/8 . 
Ticketron 's automated wagering business , which operates lotteries in a half dozen states , is not for sale , the company said . 
Since last week 's junk-bond market debacle , many new issues of high-yield , high-risk corporate bonds have either been scaled back , delayed or dropped . 
GM 's car sales dropped 24.8 % in mid-October to 69,980 , while truck sales fell 26 % to 37,860 . 
He applauds Toyota and Nissan Motor Co. for creating separate divisions for their new luxury models , rather than simply adding more nameplates to their standard car lines . 
`` The only question is , how deep is it going to be ? 
The extent of the disaster stemmed from years of chicanery and bureaucratic indifference . 
Their idea is to create a city , first , and then an entire nation -- without blacks . 
Some entrepreneurs say the red tape they most love to hate is red tape they would also hate to lose . 
Essar Gujarat Ltd. , a marine construction company , had similar success with a slightly smaller issue . 
The question is at the root of a brawl between Humana Inc. , the big for-profit hospital and insurance company , and its not-for-profit brethren in its home state of Kentucky . 
Mason is the largest toxicology lab in New England , with annual revenue of $ 8 million and 140 employees . 
Groused Robert Antolini , head of over-the-counter trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette : `` It 's making it tough for traders to make money . '' 
They have no reserves against the real estate , and their reserves against the loans are miniscule compared with the levels of reserves banks are moving to set up . 
Consumer spending in Britain rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago , the Central Statistical Office estimated Friday . 
Robert Hafer , senior commodities analyst at Kaiser Financial Group , said Monday 's rally continued yesterday for only about 20 minutes after the opening . 
Prices closed mixed as contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news . 
Agreement on these points is a long way from a specific program , and nobody expects the U.S. to rush toward radical restructuring of the health-care system . 
He no longer crowds the plate . 
But though most of the 1,087 Federal pilots are believed opposed , it is unclear just how much their loyalty to Mr. Smith has been eroded . 
It increases employee commitment to the company , with all that means for efficiency and quality control . 
Revenue rose 24 % to $ 6.5 billion from $ 5.23 billion . 
It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay and working hours , and provide for collective bargaining and worker `` participation '' in major corporate decisions . 
I remembered being fired at age 44 , with five children at home , when my views and actions were deemed unsettling by a timid , small-town employer . 
Two years ago , the district decided to limit the bikes to fire roads in its 65,000 hilly acres . 
The group plans to meet in a month to discuss production strategy for early 1990 . 
Above all , though , conservative Republicans who have championed both the Contras and SDI are reluctant to attack a Republican president for failing to do more -- though that reluctance may be receding . 
A United spokesman said 14 of its 21 gates were unusable , mainly because of water damage caused when a sprinkler system was triggered by the tremors . 
ESB spurned Inco and within five days ESB had a `` white knight '' as United Aircraft -- headed by Harry Gray , a shrewdly friendly acquirer of companies -- offered $ 34 a share . 
Securities of MeraBank were placed under review last May , and will remain under review for downgrade , the agency said . 
He said his compensation under the Sears contract is `` a multimillion dollar deal . 
In addition , the directors said if a bid by Mr. Drabinsky is successful , Cineplex expects Rank Organisation PLC to acquire the 51 % of Cineplex 's Film House unit it does n't own , and provide Mr. Drabinsky with additional loan financing . 
Finally , under the bill , a number of legitimate , longstanding business practices would be arbitrarily banned , unless the CFTC were to take specific and timely action to permit them to continue . 
`` But that partner is n't Fiat . '' 
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument . 
This time , the scandal centers on donations made by the not-quite-mainstream pachinko parlor industry . 
While they acknowledge the president will attend several meals and a working session also attended by Mr. Ortega , they insist that Mr. Bush wo n't be extending the Nicaraguan leader any special courtesies . 
East Rock Partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said A.P. Green , a refractory products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale . 
Teddy , the eldest of Max 's sons , has made the most dramatic escape by becoming a professor of philosophy at an American university . 
Earlier this year , Time even discussed bringing Tele-Communications in as an investor in HBO , executives at both companies said . 
That is a little disturbing , '' Ms. Kleinman said . 
So key , in fact , that Mr. Jones signed him in April for $ 11.4 million over the next six years -- a record for a rookie . 
In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index rose 101.98 points to 35588.36 . 
The one thing Mr. Phillips clearly does have going for him is continuity , although it is n't certain if that will be enough . 
The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Patrick Leahy ( D. , Vt. ) , Richard Lugar ( R. , Ind. ) , and Bob Kerrey ( D. , Neb. ) , covers a wide range of provisions that would affect the funding and authority of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and would profoundly change the way the industry is regulated . 
Meanwhile , within the next few weeks , the limited partners in Ivan F. Boesky & Co . L.P. are expected to reach a partial settlement with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. regarding the distribution of the $ 330 million in partnership assets , said one of the individuals . 
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections . 
The acquisition was completed in September . 
But we 're still at the beginning stages of some of these changes . '' 
That something , whatever it is , could add as much as $ 100 to the $ 600 or so consumers now pay for lower-priced refrigerators . 
`` You have to count everything . '' 
The dollar soared against the pound , which was at $ 1.5765 compared with $ 1.6145 Wednesday . 
BOND FUNDS : 
Jeffrey Schaefer , the SIA 's research director , says that all of his group 's retail-volume statistics could be overstated by as much as five percentage points because corporate buy-backs are sometimes inadvertently included in Big Board data . 
The announcement dispelled some Wall Street observers ' fears that New World might demand a huge premium for the delay , or scrap the deal entirely . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
If earnings do n't live up to analysts ' expectations , he says , that 's enough to dump the stock . 
Two men have a conversation behind one of the windows of the cafe on the corner of the boulevard . 
An analyst 's opinion to that effect even sent Capital Cities\/ABC shares soaring two weeks ago . 
They plan to increase cooperation in freight ground-handling and create a world-wide computer system to process cargo . 
Other large firms , including Bear , Stearns & Co. and Morgan Stanley & Co. , last week announced a pullback from index arbitrage , but only for the firms ' own accounts . 
Gen-Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock . 
He said all three non-food operations are profitable . 
The entire division employs about 850 workers . 
A proposal to raise prices of beer , tobacco and luxuries was rejected 338-44 . 
The Internal Revenue Service plans to restructure itself more like a private corporation . 
These are sometimes dubbed `` emerging '' growth companies , though they also have expanding-profit track records . 
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland . 
First Executive and troubled Valley National Corp. of Arizona were next in line . 
The prices of the individual stocks that make up the average were correct , Quotron said , but the average was wrong . 
Ladislav Adamec , ending a two-day visit to Austria , pledged changes in Czechoslovakia , including freer travel to the West . 
In its appeal to the high court , the agency said the federal appeals court ruling , which favored LTV , threatened to transform the agency from an insurer of troubled pension plans into an `` open-ended source of industry bailouts . '' 
Senate Democrats who favor cutting the capital-gains tax are n't ready to line up behind the leading Senate proposal . 
For the nine months , Ethyl said net fell 2 % to $ 168.7 million , or $ 1.40 a share , from $ 172.2 million , $ 1.42 a share , a year ago . 
The appeals court upheld a district judge 's ruling that the insurer had to defend the company in such proceedings . 
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS : 
A prominent businessman in Bombay gives a similar testimonial : `` I have been taking it daily since 1961 . 
No individuals were charged in the indictment . 
Carl E. Pissocra , president and chief executive officer of Bank One , Dover , has been named regional president , a new post at the bank-holding company . 
The Toronto-based company , together with Tenneco Inc. of Houston , has had an incomplete proposal filed with Canadian regulators since 1984 that it is now updating . 
But a few funds have taken other defensive steps . 
Sometimes Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do little more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a `` Flashdance , '' or buy rights to a best seller such as `` The Color Purple . '' 
The suit , assigned to federal Judge Kimba Wood , seeks a permanent injunction , back pay for judges who have been forced to retire , reinstatement of retired judges and `` other affirmative relief necessary to eradicate the effects of ( New York 's ) unlawful employment practices . '' 
However , dozens of bakers , restaurant chefs and other food preparers who flocked to Mr. Maynard 's defense say that products ranging from egg bread to eclairs lose some zip when the eggs come in 30-pound cans instead of shells . 
The letter apparently came in response to a request for clarification by LIN earlier this week . 
Ship companies carrying bulk commodities , such as oil , grain , coal and iron ore , have been able to increase their rates in the last couple of years . 
But the words that boomed over the loudspeakers bore messages of peace , unity , negotiation and discipline . 
The computer 's miscalculation has been painful for Renaissance . 
YOU WENT to college and thought you got an education . 
He would discover it also in Alexander Bickel , a subtle constitutional scholar , Mr. Bork 's closest friend at Yale , whose influence on the judge goes well beyond Mr. Bronner 's reporting . 
AVX , a New York-based maker of passive electronic products , paid $ 11 million in cash to Unitrode , a Lexington-based maker of semiconductor products . 
Opinions vary about how important the UAL deal was to the market 's health , but analysts generally agree that the market gyrations created as the UAL plan crumbled revealed a fundamental change in investor psychology . 
3 ) Republican congressional representatives , because of their belief in a minimalist state , are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than are Democratic members of Congress . 
Manufacturers frequently do n't have anyone who is a specialist in natural gas , Clinton said , and a specialist such as Clinton can save them substantial amounts of money . 
But Conner is n't standing still . 
He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues ' children , opens doors for women , and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody . 
The Kremlin leader , on the first day of a three-day official visit to Helsinki , assured Finland 's president that the Soviet Union has `` no moral or political right '' to interfere with moves toward democracy in Poland , Hungary or elsewhere in Eastern Europe . 
After that , it will make a final decision on the policy . 
For the 12 months ended in September , this index was up 5.1 % . 
`` We are crossing the river and we need a little more help to get to the other side , '' said Rodrigo Sotela , an economic affairs specialist at the Costa Rican Embassy in Washington . 
He said he 's upset that Mr. Phelan , trying to calm investors after the plunge , said that investors would simply have to get used to the market 's big price swings . 
Charles Daggs , chairman and chief executive officer of Sutro & Co. , said traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of uncertain road and traffic conditions -- but learned that they would have to await a required inspection by the city in order to turn the power back on at the company 's two main facilities there . 
Plastics are the cornerstone of Phillips ' chemicals operations , which is the biggest single contributor to the company 's profits . 
Market participants note that the mark continues to post heftier gains against its U.S. counterpart than any other major currency , particularly the yen . 
But traders said the market lacks a base on which to set long-term buying strategy , as the future direction of U.S. interest rates remains unclear . 
`` People took separate development as an opportunity to use black labor without ever getting rid of it . 
Sony promptly countersued , charging Warner with trying to sabotage its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the U.S. movie business . 
It is the largest private-sector landowner of the Minato-Mirai 21 project , a multibillion-yen development in the port city of Yokohama , about an hour outside Tokyo . 
In addition to softer production data , weaker housing starts and lower corporate profits currently in evidence , some analysts believe the two recent natural disasters -- Hurricane Hugo and the San Francisco earthquake -- will carry economic ramifications in the fourth quarter . 
Beyond that , it has to compete with West Germany for a claim to the German identity . 
The tough regulatory stance portends large future losses , especially at the state 's thrifts . 
Third-quarter net income dropped to $ 221 million , or $ 1.55 a share , from $ 230 million , or $ 1.60 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Unfortunately , this problem continued even after Gen. Noriega 's indictment . 
Central figures -- such as Richard Nixon -- usually fare better than those with supporting roles . 
The derivative suit is similar to a class-action complaint filed earlier this year . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
For example , we 'll bet you thought that the stock market crashed two years ago . 
Fuel and personnel costs are rising , and tourism in and through Hong Kong remains clouded by China 's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing . 
Sales growth of 10 % a year seems possible , he said , and Akzo expects its Twaron business to become profitable in 1990 . 
Britain 's U.N. representative and delegation head Crispin Tickell called the first meeting `` good , interesting and businesslike . 
Ducks . 
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days . 
The year-earlier periods do n't reflect results of the company 's Woodstream Corp. unit , acquired last January , but include some Canadian operations that were sold at the end of 1988 . 
Planners now influence the investment of several hundred billion dollars , but in effect they operate in the dark . 
The Fleet Street reaction was captured in the Guardian headline , `` Departure Reveals Thatcher Poison . '' 
For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million , or $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million . 
( Rexall Drug Co. vs. Tigue ; E.R. Squibb & Sons Inc. vs. Hymowitz , and Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Hymowitz ) 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Sovran also named John B. Werner a vice chairman of the parent company and the unit and elected him to the newly created position of chief credit officer of Sovran Financial , increasing the number of corporate board members to 35 . 
He declined to make a specific earnings estimate . 
Humana , which wants to acquire one of the new machines itself , is on the record as opposed to the proposal . 
`` I tell people it 's the groundup bones of saints , '' he says . 
But after joining the tax department of a USX subsidiary 30 years ago , he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 46 . 
The Mouth is back . 
Akzo is the leading seller of birth-control pills in Europe but is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in the U.S. and Japan . 
However , Monarch Capital Corp. of Springfield , Mass. , has developed a `` combination plan '' of annuity and insurance coverage that it says does not violate the new regulations and that allows policy loans without tax consequences . 
But the market turmoil could be partially beneficial for some small businesses . 
All told , Mr. Parker does a better job of making a novel out of this abandoned fragment than anyone might have had a right to expect . 
To make skiing more convenient for time-strapped visitors , several resorts are buying or starting their own travel agencies . 
The company said net rose to 38 cents a share in its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 , from 35 cents a shares a year ago . 
Caisse de Depot et Placement , the Quebec government pension-fund agency , will pay $ 112.5 million for the remaining 22.5 % stake in the printing operation . 
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law . 
That was another reason the Street loved Santa Fe . 
While his public statements have at times been confusing , Mr. Dinkins 's position papers have more consistently reflected anti-development sentiment . 
The other involves the sale of about 35 of the company 's high-end workstations to the National Institutes of Health . 
The bureau said some 3.5 million fewer people would have fallen below the poverty line in 1988 -- and the poverty rate would have been 10.5 % instead of 13.1 % -- under the alternative calculation . 
The moisturizer , introduced in 1962 , had a dowdy image . 
This hurts the price of corporate bonds . 
But such tactics were alien to Switzerland in 1976 , and still are n't common because of share restrictions that companies are allowed to maintain . 
The offering , Series 1989-84 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
`` I was near the top of the stadium , and saw a steel girder bow six feet from where I sat , but I stayed put for 10 or 15 minutes , '' confessed a friend . 
We understand that the trust is ultimately going to need to sell some of our shares , '' he says . 
American Enterprise Institute scholar Norman Ornstein in the Oct. 21 TV Guide on `` What TV News Does n't Report About Congress -- and Should '' : 
And by basing donations on BK Doubles , a new double-hamburger line the fast-food chain is trying to push , Burger King works a sales pitch into its public-service message . 
Its chairman told the union to prepare for the worst in next year 's confrontation with employers over a new three-year wage deal . 
And the ad copy is cheeky : `` How can you be a Wall Street hot shot without at least one Brooks Brothers suit in your portfolio ? '' 
Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . 
Mr. Koskotas is fighting extradition proceedings that would return him to Greece , where he is charged with embezzling more than $ 250 million from the Bank of Crete . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the forest-products company reported profit of $ 144.9 million , or 69 cents a share . 
I think that I 'm elected to represent the people that sent me here . 
But the total of all those pinging balls has created an industry with a reported annual income of 13 trillion yen ( almost $ 92 billion ) , or nearly the size of Japan 's vaunted automobile industry . 
Timken , a producer of bearings and specialty steel , already buys gas from Clinton . 
Preparedness involves more than flashlights and fire alarms these days . 
Still , the combined profit of Ford , Chrysler Corp. and General Motors Corp. fell 44 % to $ 1.02 billion from $ 1.83 billion a year earlier , excluding a one-time gain of $ 309 million at Chrysler from the sale of Mitsubishi Motors Corp. stock . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Mr. Lavelle faces a maximum of 20 years in jail and a $ 500,000 fine . 
When something undeniably nasty happens , a few euphemisms are deployed to simply make it disappear , much as a fresh grave may be covered by a blanket of flowers . 
Yet even today , institutions are quietly practicing forms of portfolio insurance by nervously rushing to and fro in the markets . 
`` It 's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market and the junk bond market . '' 
Mercury 's stock closed yesterday at $ 4.875 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Operating profit dropped 35 % , however , to # 3.8 million . 
Even if not all these forces are committed to the regime , they are now dependent on it . 
Some congressional leaders intend to continue to fight for independent strike forces . 
Yesterday , U.S. Judge Alcee Hastings faced his jury -- the full U.S. Senate -- and said , `` I am not guilty of having committed any crime . '' 
Basically , Mr. Chestman was a fourth-level tippee . 
According to Mr. Steinman , the newsletter publisher , Anheuser 's market share is nearly twice that of its nearest competitor , Miller Brewing , which had a 21.2 % stake last year . 
The retailer reportedly will lease its stores back from the developer , who plans to expand the small centers . 
GDP is the total value of a nation 's output of goods and services . 
`` No other { computer } vendor offers graphics performance that good for their price . '' 
They stroll through the marble-encased corridors of the Atrium Court . 
In response to the specific offer , Gary Risley , Mesa vice president , said management will ask directors to employ a financial consultant to advise them . 
William Kaiser , president of the Kaiser Financial Group in Chicago , said the decline was almost certainly influenced by the early sell-off in the stock market , which partly reflected a weakening economy . 
IBM fired back with new mainframes of its own , extending the long-dominant 3090 line with a 7 % to 14 % power boost . 
John Padovan , 51 years old , was named a deputy chairman . 
Both products were immensely popular . 
Some analysts remain bullish and point out that the dollar continues to be well bid despite key rate increases in Europe and Japan , several weeks of aggressive dollar sales by the world central banks -- some traders estimate that the barrage of sales topped $ 12 billion -- and a 190-point plunge on the New York Stock Exchange . 
After Mr. Carter was defeated in 1980 , the shah 's ghost claimed the credit and then went after President Reagan and Cap Weinberger . 
This will include the sale of its interest in the joint venture Beghin Corbehem to Feldemuehle AG . 
Westinghouse also expects its international sales to soon grow to 25 % of total corporate sales from 20 % last year . 
He also noted that the federal Drug Enforcement Administration has established a federal-local task force responsible since April for 106 arrests and more than $ 2 million in seizures of drug dealers ' assets . 
The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate ( Jaclyn Smith ) , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex . 
In the 1920s , a young schoolteacher , John T. Scopes , volunteered to be a guinea pig in a test case sponsored by the American Civil Liberties Union to challenge a ban on the teaching of evolution imposed by the Tennessee Legislature . 
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock-index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock-index arbitrage had been a `` break-even '' proposition for Bear Stearns . 
The merger requires the approval of Norwegian authorities . 
Midsized cars accounted for the greatest growth in units , rising 62,872 units to 134,550 units , or 88 % . 
Phillips and Arco posted declines . 
`` All this has really established is that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out , '' said Jeffery Logsdon , an analyst with Crowell , Weedon in Los Angeles . 
Since 1978 , average annual growth rates for most pollutants have outstripped the growth of GNP . 
If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead . 
The offer , which values the whole of Coates at # 301 million , has already been accepted by Coates executives and other shareholders owning 12.4 % of the company . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. , fulfilling its dismal earnings forecast for 1989 , said its third-quarter net income fell 68 % on flat revenue . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do n't have much to gain from a protracted battle . 
Executives at Nekoosa could n't be reached , and officials at Georgia Pacific declined to comment . 
This kind of contingency analysis is common in war planning and business planning . 
Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way the greats do , like she 's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she 's concentrating on matching that internal tone . 
Guardian Royal Exchange Assurance PLC , a major British composite insurer , said it is taking a stake in Nationwide Anglia Building Society 's estate agency business as part of a plan to create a range of commercial linkages in the U.K. and Europe . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
In fact , DLJ says , the company envisions capital expenses of about $ 180 million a year . 
It makes extensive use of stainless steel , silver and aluminum that sets off black granite table tops and a gray terrazzo with zinc-strip floors . 
The idea was to let small investors , the backbone of the fund business , deal in the money market 's high short-term interest rates . 
The main capital-gains tax plan in the Senate is n't winning support from Democrats who favor a reduction . 
Of course , that is n't really the case . 
Norton makes sandpaper and other abrasives , diamond tools , specialty plastics and ceramics . 
The company said it currently holds about 4.2 million of Innopac 's 13.8 million common shares outstanding , which have an aggregate market value of about 137.8 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 117.3 million ) . 
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers . 
Now , at least some predictability has returned , for everyone from economists to motorists . 
This is not the `` Mississippi Burning '' scenario that thrills his young colleagues : `` Kid , you 've been reading Classic Comics too long , '' Mancuso says . 
The implication is that your permanent-insurance policy is really some kind of CD or mutual-fund account with an added feature . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A-minus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Lawyers representing five of the seven defendants in the case say their clients can no longer afford their services . 
All of a sudden , it was back to square one . 
San Antonio , Texas -- $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group . 
P.J. Mode , Wilmer Cutler 's managing partner , says the trial team that represented Mr. Bundy was asked by the firm 's pro bono committee whether the new case posed a conflict and that no objections were raised . 
But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 , and leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 and 1982 . 
Those are unwelcome trends in a year that the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen 23 % so far , even with the 190.58-point plunge on Oct. 13 ; broader market measures are in the same neighborhood . 
According to several ad-agency sources , newcomers to the Texas banking market are spending a combined $ 50 million this year to woo Texans . 
The price paid was a record for the artist . 
The transmogrified brokers never let the C-word cross their lips , instead stressing such terms as `` safe , '' `` insured '' and `` guaranteed '' -- even though these terms may be severely limited in their application to a particular new financial product . 
Exchange seats hit a peak of $ 1,150,000 in September 1987 . 
He said the traders are demanding a higher level of proof before they will buy palladium again . 
Gold-oriented funds , for instance , which invest in companies that mine and process the precious metal , posted an average decline of 1.15 % . 
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention . 
Luis Nogales , 45 years old , has been elected to the board of this brewer . 
S. Waite Rawls III , vice chairman of Continental Bank , First Options ' parent company , said the firm took on about 160 accounts formerly held by Fossett , almost all of them belonging to professional floor traders . 
Undeterred by such words of caution , corporate America is flocking to Moscow , lured by a huge untapped market and Mikhail Gorbachev 's attempt to overhaul the Soviet economy . 
In England , Martin Leach , a spokesman for Lloyd 's of London , said the insurance market has n't yet been able to estimate the total potential claims from the disaster . 
The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer . 
Major shippers say they expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years . 
The Dallas Cowboys are looking at a long-yardage situation , struggling to pull ahead of the Atlanta Falcons . 
The British conglomerate , planning its own defensive restructuring to fight off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.03 billion ) takeover bid by Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith , intends to press ahead with an extraordinary shareholder vote today to clear the way for its value-boosting measures . 
John Ake , 48 , a former vice-president in charge of legal compliance at American Capital Management & Research Inc. , in Houston , will join Ballard Spahr 's corporate-securities practice . 
JCKC : 
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express . 
As onlookers stand behind barricades , helmeted firemen and building inspectors survey rows of nearby buildings that were twisted from their foundations and seem on the verge of collapse . 
Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant for the first time since April 1986 . 
The rest is listed on Spanish stock exchanges . 
Liberty National , a bank holding company , has assets exceeding $ 3 billion . 
And some oil companies are trying to lock in future supplies . 
A computer failure delayed its earnings announcement , and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines . 
Separately , the New York Times reported that the Israeli government had provided its correspondent in Jerusalem with different documents that Israel said prove the PLO has been conducting terrorism from the occupied Arab territories . 
Both Citicorp and Manufacturers Hanover reported earnings yesterday . 
Mr. Lawson 's resignation shocked many analysts , despite the recent recurring speculation of a rift between the chancellor and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . 
That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter . 
That is the key to the current `` national disease . '' 
Occupational disability related to anxiety , depression and stress costs about $ 8,000 a case in terms of worker 's compensation . 
The CEO , Richard G. Olson , replied `` yes , '' but would n't elaborate . 
Insurance stocks continued to climb on expectations that premium rates will rise in the aftermath of the earthquake in the San Francisco area . 
In the Treasury market , the benchmark 30-year bond rose seven-eighths point , or $ 8.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
He 's a rare Democratic hawk . 
During the five-year period ended 1986 , roughly 80 % of the names had money tied up in money-losing syndicates , according to Chatset consultants . 
A buy-and-hold approach to stocks continues to be the rule among respondents . 
Yet when my youngest child died two years ago , I buried him in the church cemetery of a small Missouri town . 
Short-term rates were unchanged to slightly lower . 
Both can be extremely aggressive at pricing such products as soaps and diapers -- to the extent that some industry consultants predict cents-off coupons for mascara could result from their entry into the field . 
We have seen her develop within a few hours from a shy and unknown in-law to a goddess of the flesh who will replace the dead mother , and then some . 
Fred D. Thompson , a 47-year-old attorney in private practice in Washington and Nashville , Tenn. , was elected to the board of this engineering and construction company . 
Sales fell 1.2 % to $ 190.1 million from $ 192.5 million . 
Culver City Redevelopment Financing Authority , Calif. -- $ 145 million of revenue bonds , Series 1989 , tentatively priced by a Stone & Youngberg group . 
So they opted for IRA , naming it after Ira Cohen , a brilliant IRS actuary who helped them . 
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 . 
Soybean production swells 24 % . 
Mr. Lynch left Wang this summer for Oracle Systems Inc. , a software vendor . 
The current flood of third-quarter reports are producing many more negative surprises than positive ones . 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , which has been wrangling with regulators for months over what to do about Pinnacle 's moribund Merabank thrift unit , suspended its dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
However , they said the company 's flat revenue was a disappointment , and an indication that sales of Polaroid 's new conventional film in the U.S. have been sluggish . 
To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner 's dilemma game works to their disadvantage , the Republican Party will be hindered in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates . 
The agency was so totally subverted from the high principles of its founding that even the Soviets now wonder about an agency that seemed so congenial to them . 
The protesters point out that Galileo also could crash to Earth then . 
James N. Fiedler , president of Discovision and a vice president of MCA , said that IBM and MCA had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable , but that Pioneer approached Discovision earlier this year . 
They do deserve respect , however -- they are almost a year old , probably equal to about 106 in human years . 
For the nine months , net totaled $ 526 million , or $ 3.74 a share , up 5 % from $ 501 million , or $ 3.71 a share , a year ago . 
Brockville is about 100 miles east of Toronto . 
Similarly , the House agreed to add back $ 62 million to continue work on the advanced communications technology satellite , being developed by General Electric Co . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Business lines increased 3.7 % to 3.3 million . 
Risk wears many disguises , and investments that are low in one type of obvious risk can be distressingly high in other , less obvious kinds . 
The assembly plant is scheduled to resume production on Oct. 30 . 
( The lobby says no again . ) 
`` Transition '' is a reference to the company 's five-year restructuring effort . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note convertible from Dec. 1 , 1989 , to Dec. 16 , 1994 , at 5 % premium over the closing share price Oct. 26 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
The marriage of news and theater , if not exactly inevitable , has been consummated nonetheless . 
Among the most upbeat was BT Brokerage ( Asia ) Ltd . 
However , CDs sold through major broker-dealer networks were up slightly almost across the board . 
`` We 're encouraging a graceful transition , '' says Mary Kay Poppenberg , the organization 's president . 
Consider the fact that a mere 2 % drop in ozone would increase birth defects and mutations by allowing solar radiation to alter the DNA structure . 
`` He made desperate efforts , using the yellow pages from beginning to end , '' said Koji Yoneyama , president of Daiwa 's U.S. unit . 
From the Mexicans ' viewpoint , vaunted tactics of methodical Japanese managers do n't count for much in a land where a saying says `` there are no fixed rules . '' 
Among the Guinness disk 's wonders : the world 's loudest recorded belch . 
AMR had also sought to foil Mr. Trump in Congress by lobbying for legislation that would have bolstered the authority of the Transportation Department to reject airline buy-outs . 
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc . 
But the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention that it had n't libeled Mrs. Sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband . 
The 400-member Alliance of Floor Brokers said the new product , with the $ 5 million minimum , will benefit only big institutional investors and could lead to `` wild spasms of volatility . '' 
The August drop was the fourth decline in five months . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of widows , orphans and trust departments -- but shorn of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture . 
Pierre-Karl Peladeau , the founder 's son and the executive in charge of the acquisition , says Quebecor has n't decided how it will finance its share of the purchase , but he says it most likely will use debt . 
NBC 's options could range from news-oriented programming to sports shows , although the network declined to comment . 
Viacom also owns cable systems , but it is the 14th largest operator of such systems , with less than one million subscribers . 
Intra-European takeovers are expected to continue at their brisk pace . 
$ 1,048,500,000 . 
`` The whole of Europe and the industrialized world is suffering from a breakdown in infrastructure investment , '' he says . 
But some cosmetics-industry executives wonder whether techniques honed in packaged goods will translate to the cosmetics business . 
But sales of North American-made 1990-model cars are running at an annual rate of only six million , down from 7.1 million a year earlier . 
Speculation as to the nature of aliens will no doubt continue until we wake up one morning to find they 've taken over `` The Today Show , '' the way they overwhelm an entire town in Jack Finney 's `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' ( Fireside\/Simon & Schuster , 216 pages , $ 8.95 ) . 
Oil-tool prices are even edging up . 
Mr. Salvatori should know . 
When the opportunist Lucio ( Jack Stehlin ) visits the convent to inform Isabella of her brother 's fate , Lucio not only slaps the mother superior on her rear , but brings along a voluptuous companion ( Jill Powell ) , not in Shakespeare 's script , to undulate lasciviously . 
The bad news , however , has n't been bad enough to kill the growing demand for financial planning . 
Mr. Harris had been vice president for the newspaper 's advertising in New York . 
Mr. Bush said the group is to `` focus on economic sectors where U.S. expertise and cooperation can indeed make a difference . '' 
Apogee Enterprises Inc. said profit for the third quarter ending Dec. 2 will fall below the year-earlier results because of an after-tax charge of $ 1.9 million related to a project that was guaranteed by the company . 
`` I 'm forever dumbfounded by what I see making these high prices . '' 
Per-share net rose to 47.46 yen from 39.31 yen . 
Any discussions with Ford could postpone the Jaguar-GM deal , headed for completion within the next two weeks . 
A hearing is scheduled on the issue today . 
It has always been so . 
Thomas M. Bloch , president and chief operating officer , says `` I would disagree '' that the tax business is mature . 
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product-related lawsuits , as well . 
The $ 75 million in paper money , although moldy , mildewy and smelly , was exchanged through the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia without incident . 
The consensus of this group , which he dubs `` realists , '' is that the local economy will grow through the 1990s at annual rates averaging between 3 % and 5 % . 
What was n't mentioned is that Coniston and its investment banker , Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette , just completed a two-week `` road show '' for the purpose of marketing the bonds . 
Robert M. Gintel , senior partner of a Greenwich , Conn. , investment firm , said he plans to launch a proxy fight against the board of Boston-based Xtra Corp . 
Except for insurance , however , ITT said it expects improved operating earnings `` in all of our businesses for the full year . '' 
It also indicates a $ 50 million drop in ad sales for regular-season games -- a risk CBS took to get an unprecedented lock on all playoff games . 
Sanwa Shutter Corp. said its affiliated company in Malaysia , established this April , will begin manufacturing steel doors Wednesday . 
We really do know all we need to know , if only we could assimilate this knowledge into our thinking . 
The surplus was two billion rand in the second quarter and 2.7 billion rand in the first quarter . 
The comparable year-earlier number was $ 56 million , a spokesman said . 
In Canada and the U.S. , Whitbread owns The Keg chain of steak and seafood restaurants . 
`` We have to make it attractive enough that { holders } would accept it , '' Sir John said . 
`` That 's very sad for China and for Asia because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Hong Kong and Taiwan but for Japan , Korea and the rest of Asia . '' 
He says he expects to sell the collection -- including the controversial Rubens -- `` carefully and prudently , just as it was put together . '' 
A year earlier , CMS posted profit of $ 1.1 million , or 13 cents a share , on sales of $ 48 million . 
The Singapore and Kuala Lumpur stock exchanges are bracing for a turbulent separation , following Malaysian Finance Minister Daim Zainuddin 's long-awaited announcement that the exchanges will sever ties . 
Yet CBS will air only 12 regular-season games , 26 fewer than ABC and NBC . 
About 10 % of the school districts approached have rejected the network . 
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions . 
Bus production also slipped , by 49 % from a year earlier to 2,936 units . 
The session is to consider a defensive plan to spin off assets to fend off Sir James Goldsmith 's # 13.4 billion bid for B.A.T . 
Americans it seems have followed Malcolm Forbes 's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way . 
And because general retail centers such as ComputerLand have little presence in Japan , sales remain in the iron grip of established computer makers . 
But nonetheless U.S. companies might be more successful in European markets if not for the German export push , he said . 
But TVS stunned industry analysts last month by disclosing that it expected MTM to post an operating loss for this year . 
In a July analysis titled `` From Euphoria to Despair , '' W.I. Carr ( Far East ) Ltd. , another securities firm , said that eroding confidence might undermine future economic development . 
`` We were concerned that they were n't going to generate enough cash for capital spending and also to pay down debt , '' says a big investor in high-yield debt . 
The candy businesses had sales of about $ 154 million last year , which was roughly 12 % of total revenue for RJR 's Planters LifeSavers unit , according to a memorandum distributed by RJR 's owner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , to bankers last December . 
It could lose some of its dynamism , '' says Mr. Mushkat , a director of Baring Securities ( Hong Kong ) Ltd. , a unit of Britain 's Barings PLC . `` 
Some tariffs were eliminated when the trade pact took effect Jan. 1 . 
The prepaid plans take payment today -- usually at current tuitions or at a slight discount -- for a promise that tuition will be covered tomorrow . 
Pressure from these members prompted the club recently to soften its anti-bike rhetoric ; it no longer , for example , lumps the bikes into the same category as motorcycles and other terrain-marring off-road vehicles . 
Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it , but Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days , and would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law . 
But it 's rare to see both functions in one case . 
Sierra has been instrumental in securing a number of the California bans . 
To be exotic was to be patronized as well as prized , but for the most part Paris was a friendly island in a racist world . 
The White House had enough votes to sustain a veto but chose to avoid a confrontation . 
Mr. Allday , an attorney in Midland , Texas , has been solicitor at the Interior Department . 
The buy-out fell through when Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. unexpectedly failed to obtain bank financing . 
Traders say that after a week of nervously tracking every development on Wall Street , the foreign-exchange market has settled back to catch its breath ahead of new U.S. economic data . 
`` It took Zhao Ziyang ( former premier and party chief ) 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated and part missing . '' 
Instead , the bill simply calls for twice-a-year meetings between the committee and top administration officials . 
A former Oklahoma governor , he 's a thoughtful defender of presidential powers in foreign policy . 
When the action requires , a prison cell , consisting of an enlarged wire cage , rolls forward on iron wheels on the platform . 
In October 1987 , President Corazon Aquino vowed that her government would `` get out of business '' by selling all or part of the state 's holdings in the many companies taken over by the government during the 20-year rule of Ferdinand Marcos . 
Missouri farmer Blake Hurst writing in the fall issue of the Heritage Foundation 's Policy Review about the proposed location of a hazardous-waste incinerator in his county : 
A major reason is that they believe the Packwood-Roth plan would lose buckets of revenue over the long run . 
Building on the corner severely damaged , so an old lady and her very old mother are in the guest room . 
To get that money , states must go through an elaborate approval process , but officials expect red tape to be cut this time . 
In contrast , the fatality rate in the states that retained the 55 mph limit was 0.9 last year , the same as in 1986 . 
Jaguar hopes to reach a friendly accord with General Motors within a month that may involve producing a cheaper executive model . 
The report says the availability of such advanced analog recording equipment as cassette recorders does n't seem to increase the quantity of home copying . 
The Usinor unit has agreed to provide technology and expertise to install a so-called spin caster by early next fall . 
But traders who watch the stocks warned the rise may be yet another `` one-day phenomenon . '' 
Will the investments pay off ? 
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error . 
`` Peanuts has become a major part of American culture , '' says Peter Shore , United Media 's vice president of marketing and licensing . 
Schering-Plough Corp. , based in Madison , N.J. , reported a 21 % rise in earnings as American Home Products Corp. of New York posted an 11 % increase in net . 
The Peasants can make a credible case , against Solidarity , that hell-bent reform will drive millions from the land . 
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson views the high rates as his chief weapon against inflation , which was ignited by tax cuts and loose credit policies in 1986 and 1987 . 
Even though the government would retain the 45 % stake in Picop , critics have accused the trust of selling out to foreigners . 
If all of this seems a little stale , it 's redeemed in part by some tricky plot twists : 
Bar associations and consultants are offering more programs to teach associates all they need to know about law but did n't learn in law school . 
In France , more than half the top 25 blue-chip stocks -- including such giants as BSN and Elf Aquitaine -- did n't open until Wall Street rallied late in the European trading day , traders say . 
Analysts figure Amgen could benefit as a result of troubles facing its competitor , Genetics Institute , over the anti-anemia drug EPO . 
`` There was little turnover and nothing to stimulate the market . '' 
Applause for `` Sometimes , Talk Is the Best Medicine , '' in your Oct. 5 Marketplace section . 
I think we owe it to the American people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on the subject . '' 
Jayark Corp. agreed to pay $ 4 million in cash , $ 2 million of 12 % convertible debentures , and 1.6 million common shares to acquire closely held Kofcoh Imports Inc . 
But now that Congress has missed the legal deadline for meeting the Gramm-Rudman targets , the White House said it has returned to its original view that a capital-gains cut should be part of the deficit-reduction bill , on which Congress continues to work . 
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company . 
Besides being upset with the film 's use of the Hells Angels name and logos , the Angels are angry with their depiction in the movie . 
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it sent a more detailed merger proposal to much-larger Mesa Airlines . 
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations . 
The Communists spent 40 years working to ensure that no such capitalistic structures ever arose here . 
A year ago , when almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes , `` you 'd spend two days working and two days in the yard , '' he recalls . 
Last Friday , 96 stocks on the Big Board hit new 12-month lows . 
The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include the Sunday newspaper supplement Parade , Time , Sports Illustrated and TV Guide . 
Investment bankers following UAL agree that the strongest impetus for an eventual deal is that the pilots have been attempting a buy-out for more than two years , and are n't likely to stop , having come so close to success . 
Much the same thing happened with busted S&Ls , a problem Congress just `` solved '' with a $ 166 billion bailout . 
That means making sure that copies of vital computer software and company records are out of harm 's way . 
`` But I think the Soviet peoples are more introverted than the Chinese . '' 
But those who said `` This ca n't be happening '' were right . 
`` Our intensive discussions with Jaguar , at their invitation , '' GM said , `` have as their objectives to create a cooperative business relationship with Jaguar that would provide for the continued independence of this great British car company , to ensure a secure future for its employees and to provide an attractive long-term return for its shareholders . '' 
Big Board volume dropped to 166,900,000 shares , in line with the level of trading over the past few weeks , from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
But the move lagged a stronger rise in New York Stock Exchange issues . 
A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look at the economics of Medicare for the elderly , Medicaid for the poor and the health system in general . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Dayton rose $ 1 to $ 61.125 . 
Fireman 's Fund said it has applied for an exemption from these rate rollbacks , and plans to defend its filing in hearings before the department . 
In fact , some auto executives suggest that slackened demand for their cars in the U.S. and Canada is a blessing ; otherwise they would n't be able to keep up with demand in the more profitable local market . 
`` It 's a further step to better returns in the hemorrhaging defense business , '' said Steven Binder , an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. in New York . 
`` If the recession does hit , there will be some great investment opportunities just when things seem the blackest . '' 
But Mr. Lagnado predicted the regional trends would continue through Christmas . 
Under the exchange 's definitions , program trading also describes a number of other strategies that , in the opinion of some traders , do n't cause big swings in the market . 
Instead of proposing a complete elimination of farm subsidies , as the earlier U.S. proposal did , the new package calls for the elimination of only the most tradedistorting ones . 
Together , Citicorp and Chase received $ 8 million in fees to raise the rest of the financing . 
So what does George Bush really believe ? 
Thrift regulators did n't give any figures on their enforcement actions . 
Then he casts out . 
The Parks Council wrote the BPCA that this `` too ` private ' ... exclusive , '' complex and expensive `` enclosed garden ... belongs in almost any location but the waterfront . '' 
Several analysts and brokers said the petroleum market was ready to rally after two days of price declines from profit-taking . 
The spokeswoman said the Frankfurt situation was `` totally different '' from problems in the interest-rate options unit . 
That helps explain why American employers grant an average award of $ 604.72 per suggestion , while Japan 's payment is $ 3.23 . 
`` The results seem to be very premature , '' said Mitsuru Miyata , editor of Nikkei Biotechnology , a leading Japanese industry newsletter . 
Since then , roughly 50 pediatric patients have received the drug in his program . 
Many economists expect the weakness to continue . 
Lion Nathan Ltd. agreed to buy the franchise to bottle , distribute and market Pepsi-Cola soft-drink products in Australia , the company said . 
Not long ago , scientists holding stock in Spectra Pharmaceutical Services Inc. were accused of falsifying research to boost the stock . 
No figure juggling ; no witchcraft ; just vastly improved recording of some of our exports . 
Charges for staff cuts and other restructuring produced a net loss of $ 54.1 million , or 77 cents a share , in 1988 's third quarter . 
But persuading investors to buy bonds may be especially tough this week , when the U.S. government will auction more than $ 30 billion of new securities . 
On some occasions when Mr. Dinkins has discussed the issues during the campaign , he has run into a familiar kind of trouble . 
Miller Brewing Co. will introduce its first non-alcoholic beer Jan. 1 . 
Small investors perceive that `` big operators '' dominate the market , said Thomas O'Hara , chairman of the National Association of Investors and head of the exchange 's Individual Investors Advisory Committee set up after the 1987 crash . 
Earlier this month , the Reserve Bank of New Zealand , the country 's central bank , appointed the managers to run the investment bank and pay creditors . 
It would be inappropriate for the government or the central bank to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares . 
Friday brings the final count on October auto sales . 
Interpublic Group of Cos. said third-quarter net rose 15 % to $ 6.9 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
It emerged after a rancorous display of old-style intelligence politics that followed this month 's failed coup attempt in Panama . 
But analysts noted that excluding transportation - where what they believe was a temporary surge in auto demand pushed up the figures - order backlogs have declined for three months in a row . 
The $ 12 million lavished on the Rubens , for example , was a record price for the artist and maybe twice its value , given a dispute among scholars about its provenance . 
The dollar gained . 
The music is not especially pianistic ; indeed , it 's hard to imagine a bad performance of it . 
`` Then we had a real one in the afternoon . '' 
Plant lovers who studied the maquette were alarmed . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. is the underwriter . 
The group is divided primarily between software , semiconductors and computers . 
The move rewards shareholders and should improve the stock 's liquidity , Oneida said . 
While Mr. Roman is a workaholic detailsman , Mr. Phillips would rather delegate , leaving him time for his interests outside the office . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , up 0.27 ; spot index 130.80 , off 0.24 . 
The men can defeat immunities that states often assert in court by showing that officials knew or should have known that design of the structure was defective and that they failed to make reasonable changes . 
Greg Davies , Central Fund 's vice president , finance , said losses for the fiscal year ending Oct. 31 could be as high as one million Canadian dollars ( US$ 852,000 ) . 
Mr. Dozen even related the indignity suffered when he and two colleagues went on an overnight fishing expedition off the New Jersey shore and caught nothing . 
NOTE : 
Ultimately , he says , strong demand could help to drive down interest rates on mortgage securities . 
Sunday , Nov. 5 , 8-9 p.m. EST , on TNT : `` Gary Cooper : American Life , American Legend . '' 
Some of Mr. Peladeau 's ventures , including an earlier push into the U.S. market , have n't paid off on the bottom line . 
Britain 's industrial production rose 1.5 % in August from July and was up 0.9 % from August 1988 , according to provisional data from the Central Statistical Office . 
Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty , but they did so falsely . 
A reflective and growing consensus of Americans clearly wishes to apply the right to privacy in contraceptive matters ( decided in the Griswold case ) to abortion as well . 
The tabloid 's circulation soared to 80,000 , but plunged to under 10,000 when the La Presse strike ended . 
H.F. Ahmanson , parent of Home Savings of America , reported third-quarter net of $ 49.2 million , or 50 cents a share , down from $ 56.1 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Cadillac may be on to something . 
Although air-traffic delays in San Francisco were significant yesterday , they did n't appear to spread to other airports . 
Ground zero of the HUD scandal is the Secretary 's `` discretionary fund , '' a honey pot used to fund projects that were n't approved through normal HUD channels . 
Ralph T. Linsley , vice chairman of Eagle , will become vice chairman of Webster\/Eagle . 
`` That is n't consistent with the kind of discipline that Gramm-Rudman is supposed to impose , '' he said . 
In December , the shuttle Columbia will try to retrieve a satellite that 's been in orbit for nearly five years measuring the deleterious effects of space on materials and instruments . 
Guber Peters stock , which traded as low as $ 6 a share last year , closed yesterday at $ 16.625 . 
Some changes to the plan were minor adjustments , but the most significant was an amendment that provides that if any investor holds 25 % or more of Rubbermaid 's voting securities , each right held by others would entitle the holder to buy Rubbermaid shares with a market value of twice the right 's exercise price . 
The bids and rate proposals generally assume the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed , will go into operation . 
Failures in seven of nine regional areas fell more than 10 % in the nine months . 
It is currently waiving management fees , which contributes to the higher yield . 
Meanwhile , total fabrication demand for silver has risen six years in a row , he says . 
Robert A. Oswald , chief financial officer and a director of this natural-gas pipeline company , was elected to the additional position of executive vice president . 
Mrs. Garcia , 49 , formerly was a member of Mr. Garcia 's congressional staff . 
The Treasury said Taiwan has liberalized its exchange rate system in the past year . 
The pilots are working under an expired contract , and the machinists contract expires next month . 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a General Motors Corp. unit , said the Intelsat VI commercial communications satellite is set to be launched Friday . 
USX Corp. declined a United Steelworkers request for a reopening of its four-year labor contract that is due to expire Jan. 31 , 1991 . 
The president was said to have been noncommittal . 
`` Things have grown worse since June 4 , '' Mr. Lai says . 
For everyone involved , it 's one more swig of that elixir of youth , baseball . 
A second decision , handed down in August by the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , is another blow against scholarship . 
Some traders said the popularity of issues that gained yesterday wo n't last long , as investors will rotate their buying choices over the short term . 
At that time , Sam Merksamer , president of the chain , angrily denied that his company was about to file . 
CalMat advanced 2 3\/4 to 28 3\/4 , Lone Star Industries gained 1 3\/4 to 29 1\/4 , Lafarge rose 1 to 19 1\/2 , Southdown added 5\/8 to 24 5\/8 and Eljer Industries rose 1 1\/4 to 24 7\/8 . 
The dollar finished softer yesterday , tilted lower by continued concern about the stock market . 
And Judge Newman , a former patent lawyer , wrote in her dissent when the court denied a motion for a rehearing of the case by the full court , `` The panel 's judicial legislation has affected an important high-technological industry , without regard to the consequences for research and innovation or the public interest . '' 
On the corporate front , Ford Motor announced that it raised its stake in U.K. luxury car maker Jaguar to 10.4 % from 5 % . 
One 60-second TV spot features a diverse group of skiers gracefully gliding down sun-drenched slopes : senior citizens , minorities , families with children -- even a blind skier . 
The Ginnie Mae issue rose amid talk of large purchases of the securities by institutional investors . 
That suit is pending . 
There were many indications that the new work hours implemented by major corporations played a big role . 
Victoria , Texas 
Certain details of the restructured facilities remain to be negotiated . 
Melvin Belli 's San Francisco law offices may have been the epicenter of legal activity after Tuesday 's earthquake . 
But he has been getting heat from all sides over program trading . 
Perhaps Mrs. Thatcher understands better than those distressed at her style that ultimately history and Britain 's voters will decide who is right about Europe , sanctioning South Africa or running Britain 's economy . 
It is the opinion of Timothy Good , author of `` Above Top Secret : The World UFO Cover-Up '' ( Quill\/William Morrow , 592 pages , $ 12.95 ) , that the world laughs too fast . 
At Fireman 's Fund Corp. , a spokesman said 142 claims were received in the first 24 hours after the quake , and the company is braced for as many as 5,000 claims from its 35,000 residential and 35,000 business policyholders in the affected area . 
Brooks Brothers ' aim is for 20 % of total sales to come from the women 's department , up from the current 12 % . 
No ? 
And expenses , up 7.9 % in the quarter , have stayed stubbornly high . 
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % . 
Revenue rose 6.9 % , to $ 3.1 billion from $ 2.9 billion . 
`` In that sense , the whole debate is sort of a fraud , '' argues a Democratic Senate staff member . 
Jeffrey E. Levin was named vice president and chief economist of this commodity futures and options exchange . 
On the contrary , it is too responsive to an incorrect view of the public interest . 
Larsen & Toubro started accepting applications for its giant issue earlier this month ; bankers and analysts expect it to be oversubscribed . 
They maintain that a president needs the ability to surgically remove pork-barrel spending projects that are attached to big omnibus spending bills . 
The panel found that since 1987 , real-estate prices rose nearly 50 % in a speculative fever fueled by economic prosperity , the 1988 Seoul Olympics and the government 's pledge to rapidly develop Korea 's southwest . 
Technically , Mr. Kaiser noted that a lot of traders had bought into the market when the price was in the $ 1.24 to $ 1.26 range , thinking there was support at the $ 1.20 level . 
Margaret Thatcher 's instinctive response to the latest upheaval in her government is to promise business as usual . 
Matra S.A. reported its 1989 first-half profit soared 88 % , and indicated that its previous estimate of a 50 % rise in earnings for all of 1989 will be exceeded by a wide margin . 
The move by the Convention on Trade in Endangered Species , meeting in Switzerland , places the elephant on the endangered-species list . 
Long-term bonds , with many years left before maturity , swing more widely in price . 
But some investors continued to switch out of high-risk , high-yield junk funds despite yesterday 's rebound from that market 's recent price declines . 
Hungary is no longer a `` Socialist Peoples '' republic , the Communist Party no longer has automatic delegates in the U.S.S.R. 's Congress of Peoples Deputies and Egon Krenz was not backed unanimously by his fellow party functionaries when he took over as East Germany 's new maximum leader . 
Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , subsidy rates , and policy applications , spurred on by the growth of government in general and budget gimmicks and deceptive management in particular . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , K mart closed yesterday at $ 36 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
Mr. da Silva , a 43-year-old former factory worker and labor leader , is the most radical , vowing to withhold payments on the foreign debt and saying he `` would n't go around putting the country up for sale to the highest bidder . '' 
Operating profit in the company 's abrasives segment rose 16 % while operating profit in the engineering materials segment rose 2 % . 
The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , treated the sideline as a real business and derived `` merely incidental elements of recreation and other personal pleasure and benefits '' from it . 
Also involved in the group is Robert F. Angelo , formerly Phoenix 's senior vice president , field operations , who left Phoenix at the beginning of October . 
Investors were further assured that only those with a minimun net worth would be accepted . 
Many funds allow investors to void orders before the close of trading . 
Analysts say its chances of success will likely hinge on how well Trelleborg manages to cooperate with Noranda in the Falconbridge venture . 
The suit , filed in federal trial court in Des Moines , Iowa , where Meredith is based , alleges that the diversified media company 's relocation unit cheated the government by misrepresenting the value of government employees ' homes . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. said it would add John H. Harland Co. , an Atlanta check printer , to its 500-stock index , effective at the close of trading on Wednesday . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
He says fellow bikers show the same concern for the land that they demonstrated as hikers ; many are appalled that the conservation community would suddenly consider them the enemy . 
Corporate bonds were unchanged . 
Merger and acquisition activity in the third quarter exceeded the year-earlier pace , said Merrill Lynch & Co. 's W.T. Grimm & Co. unit in Schaumburg , Ill . 
Lyrics from `` Ghostbusters '' by Ray S. Parker Jr. 1984 by Golden Torch Music Corp. ( ASCAP ) and Raydiola Music ( ASCAP ) . 
But by comparison , this fluffy comedy seems like a gem . 
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors , they found defects in the second copy of chromosome 13 in the exact area as in the first copy of the chromosome . 
Mr. Freeman said machinists ' union advisers plan to meet this week to try to draw up a blueprint for some form of recapitalization that could include a special dividend for shareholders , an employee stake and , perhaps , an equity investment by a friendly investor . 
It is one of the states that have met with Mr. Cohen and asked for additional information about investors ' accounts and other matters . 
She said the mural `` preserves an era in Stamford and in our country when this type of work was being done . 
The company complains that it paid $ 10 million to non-Humana hospitals in its latest fiscal year for services provided to its insurance plan members . 
But with industrial growth stagnant and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures to pump new life into the economy . 
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading . 
At a time when foreign banks are pouring vast resources and personnel into West Germany 's financial center , the opening of a three-man office on a Frankfurt side street should n't attract much attention . 
Buyers can look forward to double-digit annual returns if they are right . 
In the wake of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's surprise resignation and sterling 's subsequent nose-dive , most analysts had little good to say about the pound 's near-term prospects . 
The FERC is a five-member commission that regulates billions of dollars of interstate wholesale energy transactions . 
Some analysts contend the total writeoffs should have been much greater , and Bond Corp. 's auditors cited a list of several assets and deals about which there is `` uncertainty '' regarding the current value and potential impact on the firm . 
The damage to the Bay area 's roadways could cause significant economic hardship . 
Lone Star 's San Francisco facilities were n't damaged in the quake . 
Both Clarcor and Anderson are based in Rockford , Ill . 
For the latest fiscal year , the company 's net income jumped a robust 19 % to 35.5 billion yen ( $ 250.2 million ) . 
At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed CenTrust and its flamboyant chairman and chief executive , David L. Paul . 
`` But this way , American will coordinate good extensions to Boston , New York , Chicago and Dallas . 
In recent months , more than 25 agencies have been robbed , compared with only a handful all last year , according to police and travel-agency groups . 
The paper said the bricks were used to build homes and furnaces and , as a result , the wall `` is in terrible shape . 
Yesterday , when similar securities rebounded , it bumped the valuation up again . 
In the 1988 third quarter , profit from continuing operations totaled $ 140.1 million . 
The bids remain subject to evaluation by the federal bankruptcy court supervising PS of New Hampshire 's reorganization . 
Despite the buy-out group 's failure to obtain financing , UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , and Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
The buy-out group had no firm financing for the plan . 
DPC last week launched a new , $ 10-a-share offer for the Woodland Hills , Calif.-based computer printer maker . 
However , Mr. Lee said that USI Far East is confident other investors will take up the slack . 
However , those sales were early in the field 's history , before production equipment was installed . 
From there , he set up his finance company and rapidly expanded from lending to investment in real estate to building golf courses . 
Not only does your product have to be excellent , but you also have to be able to collect . '' 
His humility gives him a much better chance of success . 
`` We need to get the kids away from the criminals into a less traumatic environment , '' says Mr. Edelman . 
Independent drillers are gingerly sinking bits into the Earth 's crust again . 
`` A day of reckoning is coming where we think the market will place a high premium on the highest-quality debt issues , and therefore we think the best debt investment is U.S. government bonds , '' says Craig Corcoran of Davis\/Zweig Futures Inc. , an investment advisory firm . 
But he says Cane & Associates does n't receive referral fees . 
The company reported good gains in all of its divisions . 
InterMedia Capital Corp. , Robin Cable Systems L.P. and Brenmor Cable Partners , offering of senior subordinated discount reset debentures , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The offering , Series 1989-89 , backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities , brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 33.2 billion and its total Remic volume to $ 45.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
All serial bonds are being offered at par except those due 2002 . 
The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward volunteer work , or toward particular movies or books . 
Two guys from Gary , Ind. ? '' 
What few comments he has initiated have been oblique , such as urging `` greater efforts toward the protection of human life '' at a meeting of Catholic lawyers in Boston last month . 
The NSC staff `` does n't have the horsepower that I believe is required to have an effective interagency process , '' says Frank Gaffney , a former Pentagon aide who now runs the Center for Security Policy , a conservative Washington think-tank . 
Unless the market goes right back up , he says , `` it may take us six to nine months to find the money , instead of three . '' 
And Democrats , who are under increasing pressure from their leaders to reject the gains-tax cut , are finding reasons to say no , at least for now . 
But if the opposition remains fractured , the Congress ( I ) could win a small majority , or lead a coalition government . 
The theme song for the 1980s has been , `` Anything Goes , '' and it has been whistled with gusto from Wall Street to some of the highest peaks of televangelism . 
The last time all three companies reported North American automotive losses was in the recession year of 1982 . 
`` Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... opening champagne bottles and celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in getting our little deal in the tax bill and winking at this person for slipping this in , '' he said . 
With some other charities , however , it s the other way around . 
`` I ca n't believe it will continue , '' he added , noting that the economies of the country 's major trading partners are strong and prices of U.S. products are still competitive . 
Bond prices fell after the Chicago report was released . 
This year , the older someone is the bigger the discount . 
Sam , Max 's brother , has escaped the flesh by working as a liveried chauffeur and never seeking a wife . 
Caspi Development Corp of Armonk , N.Y. , has developed two apartment buildings called Classic and plans a third . 
The gain compared with a $ 1.10 billion decline in reserve assets in August to $ 62.36 billion , the department said . 
That will please once-grumpy affiliates -- another aim of the Pilson plan . 
Instead , New York City police seized the stolen goods , and Mr. Krisher avoided jail . 
But again , they may need the help of the machinists . 
It will probably be attached to a State Department authorization bill , which Mr. Bush is n't expected to veto . 
For the 1990 wage negotiations , the IG Metall is demanding a further cut in the German workweek and steep wage increases , which could sharply increase the costs for German industry . 
White Females 
`` This is a good quarter for us in terms of our business fundamentals , '' said Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer . 
The Small Business Administration has received more than 5,000 formal requests for disaster loans because of the hurricane . 
Nor do analysts expect the Sansui deal to touch off a fresh wave of foreign purchases . 
With a five-year defense plan costing more than $ 1.6 trillion , it 's about time we put together a defense strategy that works in Washington . 
The Bush administration accused Israeli Prime Minister Shamir of hindering peace efforts in the Mideast with `` unhelpful '' and disappointing statements . 
In the latest quarter , Goodyear 's tax rate was 51 % compared with 41 % a year earlier . 
Academy Insurance fell 1\/32 to 1 3\/16 ; but volume totaled 1.2 million shares . 
These include provisions relating to the technology and systems that must be employed by exchanges , oversight and disciplinary procedures for exchange trading practices , the relationship between commodity brokerage firms and floor traders , and exchange governance . 
Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company , a food and canning concern , a bakery and bus and trucking firms , among others . 
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months . 
Italy should close the Leaning Tower of Pisa because it 's a danger to tourists , government-appointed experts said . 
Analysts said Hachette 's earnings in the second half might be boosted by a capital gain from the sale of the Paris headquarters of a newspaper-delivery company that is 49 % owned by Hachette . 
Yesterday , USAir Group Inc. , recently one of the industry 's stellar performers , posted a worse-than-expected $ 77.7 million net loss for the period . 
Mr. Taft , who is also president of Taft Broadcasting Co. , said he bought the shares because he keeps a utility account at the brokerage firm of Salomon Brothers Inc. , which had recommended the stock as a good buy . 
Once one Japanese company steps up its investments , the whole industry follows . 
$ 350 million of senior subordinated debentures , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , was priced at par to yield 12 7\/8 % . 
The unit has 6,000 customers and , according to one analyst , had 1988 revenue of about $ 85 million . 
Many analysts question management 's credibility . 
Where does Mr. Lehman get off castigating Gen. George Marshall for muscling in on naval prerogatives ? 
And he told the physicist that China 's leaders were `` very much concerned '' about the deaths and had arranged aid for the victims ' families . 
Bond Corp. , a brewing , property , media and resources concern controlled by financier Alan Bond , is selling many of its assets to reduce an A$ 6.9 billion debt . 
We have very exciting prospects for far more impressive advances in the treatment of colon cancer during the years immediately ahead . 
Capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden shocks , but there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that the future is here and that history is over . 
The ad campaign , created by Saatchi & Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates agency , is an extension of the auto company 's `` Cars That Make Sense '' campaign , which emphasized affordability . 
Harmonia Bancorp Inc. -- 4,750,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
There is no way to get an ambulance in quickly to move him to a hospital . 
`` I would be the first to admit that there is not a complete consensus in the scientific community on either one of these problems , '' says Mr. Teagan . 
`` My God and I know I am correct and innocent . 
People also should n't invest money in stocks that they 'll need in the near future -- for example , for college tuition payments or retirement expenses . 
Last year 's net loss of $ 3,524,000 included a benefit of $ 1,640,000 from an accounting change . 
Among other things , the restructured facilities will substantially reduce the group 's required amortization of the term loan portion of the credit facilities through September 1992 , MLX said . 
The voters delivered Mr. Gonzalez a third mandate for his successes . 
General Dynamics was sued by the families of five Navy divers who were killed in 1982 after they re-entered a submarine through a diving chamber . 
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion . 
But GAF 's bellwether role was short-lived . 
The playoff series had riveted the 12-year-old Giants fan . 
Prices of other paper makers rose sharply , although Georgia-Pacific fell $ 2.50 a share , to $ 50.875 . 
StatesWest had proposed acquiring Mesa for $ 7 a share and one share of a new series of StatesWest 6 % convertible preferred stock it values at $ 3 a share . 
All 20-stocks in the MMI except Exxon , General Motors and Sears were down $ 1 to $ 2 . 
Wrong on all counts , Miss Fraser . 
Still , analysts believe that profit margins in the potato business will be down again this year . 
Other Western Union securities were also lower . 
In January 1980 , Jerome Sanford , as assistant U.S. attorney , was summoned to a meeting with a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent assigned to the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms in Miami . 
But by the time Solidarity took office in September , the damage was done . 
Advertising rates for the Eastern , Midwest , Western and Southwest editions will increase an average 5.5 % , and rates for localized advertising editions will increase 7.5 % . 
`` Bally was not an unfriendly takeover , '' he insists . 
The initial $ 11 million research program will conduct the most extensive testing to date of reformulated gasolines , said Joe Colucci , head of fuels and lubricants at General Motors Corp. research laboratories . 
( Europe had proved even less hospitable than North America . 
Japan 's bellwether 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.75 to yield 5.315 % . 
That is a skill Sony badly needs -- and Warner is loath to lose . 
The drug was introduced in West Germany this year . 
The record price for associate membership is $ 275,000 , set Aug. 30 , 1988 . 
But gay rights advocates are angry , too . 
The October short interest represents 1.04 days of average daily trading volume in the smaller stocks in the system for the reporting period , compared with 0.94 day a month ago . 
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold . 
Martha was pleased , but nowhere near as much as Mr. Engelken . 
`` Radio Shack continues to be lackluster , '' said Dennis Telzrow , analyst with Eppler , Guerin & Turner in Dallas . 
Beginning as a laborer in a refinery , Mr. Guzman Cabrera put in more than 40 years at Pemex before being pushed into retirement by La Quina after a dispute two years ago . 
In the corner of his reception room is a delicate antique desk piled high with dossiers . 
The ritzy world of department-store cosmetics retailing , where Unilever is concentrating its efforts , may prove even more treacherous . 
The average interest rate rose to 8.337 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.292 % at last week 's sale . 
Dow Jones & Co. said it acquired a 15 % interest in DataTimes Corp. , a subsidiary of Oklahoma Publishing Co. , Oklahoma City , that provides electronic research services . 
But the music has its charm , and Mr. Glass has constructed his solo program around a move from the simple to the relatively complex . 
The plan , which has been plagued with delays and business-related setbacks , seeks to transform the area from a seedy thoroughfare to a more wholesome office and theater district . 
But in federal court in Manhattan , Judge Patterson said the FBI records could show that Mr. Ferguson 's arrest was the result of questionable legal practices . 
WITHHOLDING RULES : 
When a stock falls below the put 's strike price , the investor simply sells the stock at a loss and simultaneously sells the put at a profit . 
The current ruble rate has long been out of line with the black market . 
Net foreign investment through August this year has been running at a pace of $ 12.5 billion , about double the year-earlier rate . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 5.04 , or 1.1 % , to 460.33 . 
Mr. Peters acknowledges that and says it 's not unlike the situation he and Mr. Guber are in with Warner . 
Source : Securities Data Co . 
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death-penalty debate . 
He said Western Digital has reacted swiftly to the movement to video graphics array , VGA , graphics technology from the old enhanced graphics adapter , EGA , which has a lower resolution standard , technology and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units . 
The agency may not have much choice : A congressional bill has been introduced that would force the agency to limit flight attendant duty time to 14 hours on U.S. flights and 16 hours on international trips . 
The pact also calls for coordination between Finnair and Switzerland 's national carrier , Swissair , with which SAS entered a similar alliance last month . 
Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of `` pro-choice '' marches , house parties and fund-raisers . 
Moreover , sports is hardly the best way to lure adult women . 
Burger King , which breaks thousands of fresh eggs each morning , is quietly switching over to an alternative egg product made by Michael Foods . 
The company deliberately understaffs , stretching employees ' schedules to the limit . 
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , CBS Inc. and General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. unit are expected to announce soon a joint campaign to raise awareness about hunger . 
She thinks traders should buy the stock if it tumbles to 35 . 
UAL , which closed on the Big Board Monday at $ 178.375 a share , traded in the third market afterward as low as $ 158 a share . 
Maxwell agreed to sell its U.S. printing unit to Quebecor for $ 500 million , making Quebecor the No. 2 commercial printer in North America . 
The others endure the hot sun of the plains and scowl like cornered wild beasts . '' 
Once the stock price is less than the exercise price , or `` strike price , '' of the put , the gain will match the loss on the stock dollar for dollar . 
`` Sell stocks that are n't doing well now , and that do n't have good earnings prospects , '' says Alfred Goldman , technical analyst at St. Louis-based A.G. Edwards & Sons . 
The decision , Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services , illustrates how Supreme Court rulings often have a ripple effect , spreading into areas of law and policy that were n't part of the actual cases decided and that never were contemplated by the justices . 
Rodeo applause : broncs cheer . 
`` When a company realizes that , it 's hard to go with Wang . '' 
At certain points during the Friday the 13th drop , circuit breakers kicked in on the futures market , slowing trading at times . 
As much as Republicans led the opposition , among the 53 Democrats voting against treating the payments as an entitlement , 42 came from the 13 states in the Old Dixiecrat South and its borders . 
Although analysts do n't expect the Federal Reserve to ease credit policy soon , reports like those yesterday help build the case for lower rates . 
Just this week Mobil Corp. disclosed new cutbacks in its domestic exploration and production operations . 
Avery , which continues to operate a coal company it expects to sell at a loss , said in proxy materials it intends to seek control of one or more companies . 
One of the most remarkable features of the forced marches of the ethnic Turks out of Bulgaria over the past five months has been the lack of international attention . 
A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the line from the immoral to the illegal , and have ended up in the slammer or paying huge fines : 
What Gov. Clinton is advocating , in effect , is extending the educational system down to the pre-kindergarten years . 
He has two more years at Texas A&M . 
B. Dan Pinick , president of Boeing Aerospace and Electronics , will become president of the new group , which will become operational Jan. 2 . 
In offices , triphosphorous bulbs simulate daylight . 
Last year , more than $ 100 billion was donated to the nation 's 400,000 charities . 
For example , the iced-tea radio campaign for Thomas J. Lipton Co. , an Englewood Cliffs , N.J. , unit of Anglo-Dutch Unilever Group , emphatically proclaims : `` Real Texans do not wear dock-siders -- ever . 
`` The implied current net asset value of 22.70 { per share } is well below the 30 level that the Street believed , '' PaineWebber says . 
The time is now to lift the burdensome Social Security earnings limit from the backs of our nation 's seniors . 
And , beginning in 1992 , it will have a claim on as much as 20 % of Manville 's annual net income . 
Sheraton , a subsidiary of ITT Corp. , will have a 40 % share in the two hotels ; Pan American , a subsidiary of Pan Am Corp. , will have a 10 % share . 
Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century . 
The embargo lasted only six months , but the price hikes became a fact of life . 
Once you 're Miss America , you 're always Miss America . '' 
I was in the avenues , on the third floor of an old building , and except for my heart ( Beat , BEAT ! ) I 'm OK . 
Its Richter Scale measurement was reported as 6.5 , then 6.9 , then 7.0 . 
But since Time 's merger with Warner Communications Inc. , relations between the two have become strained . 
The executives say Time may seek to break up the transaction after it is consummated , or may seek constraints that would prevent Tele-Communications from dropping HBO in any of its cable systems in favor of Showtime . 
The subsequent drive to reform Hong Kong 's markets also has embroiled the interest-rate futures contract . 
His duties will be taken over by Anthony Richmond-Watson , who has been elected deputy chairman . 
Campeau 's chairman , Robert Campeau , said at its annual meeting in July that he valued Bloomingdale 's at $ 2 billion . 
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report . 
And it may be right , judging from last week 's report that inflation-adjusted gross national product rose at a 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter . 
GM , Ford and Chrysler have already cut fourth-quarter U.S. output plans an estimated 15 % from 1988 levels . 
In the current-coupon sector , a shift in the Treasury yield curve resulting from the better performance of long-dated issues over short-dated securities hurt major coupons because it will become more difficult to structure new derivative securities offerings . 
Cracking the top 10 within three years will be difficult at best . 
The deposits that have been transferred to other subsidiaries are now under the jurisdiction of the bankruptcy court . 
But he said this does n't mean he is satisfied with the market 's big swings . 
The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists and turns . 
For many , it began to look like a replay of Oct. 13 . 
`` Shortage '' and `` crisis '' became buzz words , although neither really applied . 
Mr. Peters says in his affidavit that the movie 's staff was told last week that Warner was `` taking over '' the picture , and another producer would be giving all of the orders . 
Mr. Batchelder says that in the past , banks would normally have loaned 65 % of a total buy-out price , with the loans secured by the target company 's assets . 
Later , the judge went a step farther . 
That kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose livelihood depends on outperforming the money manager across the street . 
A seat on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was sold for $ 410,000 , down $ 6,000 from the previous sale Oct . 
` Frequent Drinker ' Offer Stirs Up Spirited Debate 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 353,500 bid , $ 405,000 asked . 
Four other unions have yet to vote , but their leadership also recommended approval . 
But the news of the boom has yet to trickle down to the farmers . 
During the trial , Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had been so upset `` that you considered killing Mr. Laff ? ... 
`` Five were interested . '' 
Hearing of this information , the husband discussed it with his broker , Mr. Chestman , and Mr. Chestman then bought for his own account and other clients . 
Shearson , with its in-house order execution system , has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over-the-counter market . 
That would be all right with Amex , which could then lock in its investment profit , but it does n't add up to a `` smart money '' move for me . 
Of course , neither President Bush nor the Congress has actually abandoned the Contras or SDI . 
The verdict , reached late last week in Cincinnati , may end an eight-year legal battle for the Greensboro , N.C. , carpet maker . 
No doubt many of his ideas are worthy , but ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently . 
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses . 
Lone Star 's Bond Corp. parent , for instance , hails from Perth , Australia . 
But it is at least worthy of some note that there are very few refrigerators in Antarctica . 
It 's estimated that just about 250 hours of HD programming is currently available for airing . 
And we certainly do not believe that Mr. Gorbachev or any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word for it . 
He seems to be typical of many professional money managers . 
In addition , the bank has an option to buy a 30.84 % stake in BIP from Societe Generale after Jan. 1 , 1990 at 1,015 francs a share . 
The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps , mine detectors , or even winter gloves . 
Theoretically , jurors are supposed to weigh the evidence in a case logically and objectively . 
`` Pete and Jeff and Joe Jr. have taken over the reins and are doing most of the work . 
Yet every business owner has to face the mound of forms and regulations -- and often is the only one available to tackle it . 
Out of the blue , the Soviet Chamber of Commerce handed over details on 59 technologies that the Japanese might want to buy . 
FARMERS REAP abundant crops . 
A den mother raising some lovable teen models . 
Afterward , as the A 's toasted their victory with beer ( they dispensed with traditional champagne showers in deference to the quake victims ) , Stewart said he thought his championship-team ring would outshine his individual trophy . 
The bond market , which sometimes thrives on bad news , cheered yesterday 's stock market sell-off and perceptions that the economy is growing weaker . 
Sales increased 5.5 % to $ 9.81 billion from $ 9.3 billion . 
The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much-larger Paribas . 
Kinder-Care Learning Centers added 1\/4 to 4 7\/8 on 461,200 shares . 
Such tests make the FAA confident that a Sioux City-type accident `` wo n't happen again , '' said Mr. Broderick . 
All three funds posted negative returns for the year to date . 
Sales of parts for cars and construction vehicles rose . 
Donald Iverson , chairman , says he hopes the company can eventually get up to half of its revenue from commercial markets . 
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the human-rights and peace division . 
The probe , which is painless , non-invasive and apparently harmless , employs strong magnetic fields to induce small whirlwinds of electricity within the brain . 
Mips Computer Systems Inc. today will unveil a new general-purpose computer that will compete with more expensive machines from companies such as Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp . 
Investment analysts generally agree . 
Woolworth said it expects to expand usage of the MCI services as it adds about 6,000 business locations over the next few years . 
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations . 
Mr. Bush , former President Reagan and a host of conservative activists have been arguing that a line-item veto would go a long way in restoring discipline to the budget process . 
The Sheraton Moscow will charge about $ 140 to $ 150 a day for each of its rooms , and it will accept payment only in currencies that can be traded in foreign exchange markets , according to a Sheraton executive . 
Lawyers at such firms as Sullivan & Cromwell ; Willkie Farr & Gallagher ; Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz ; and Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson all say they , too , have experienced a significant slowdown , particularly during the past few weeks . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 329.2 million from $ 320 million . 
For one thing , credit-card loans are unsecured . 
But before Athena was able to get an exclusive license to the technology , the Federal Register published most of the details , `` giving all of the company 's potential competitors a chance to exploit it , '' Mr. Bock says . 
How could he be ? 
But I 'd also rather live next door to an incinerator than to some of the hog farms I 've seen ( and smelt ) in these parts . 
East Rock also said in the filing that it boosted its stake in A.P. Green to 8.7 % . 
Along with Donnelley , says Jacques Massicotte , an analyst with Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Inc. in Montreal , `` Quebecor has positioned itself as one of the two key players . '' 
There is no reason that it can not be done for defense planning . 
However , four are in the Michigan district of Rep. Bob Traxler , the chairman of the House subcommittee that writes the HUD spending bill . 
With 700 branches in Spain and 12 banking subsidiaries , five branches and 12 representative offices abroad , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor . 
`` They were willing to mistreat us because we had n't shown any moxie , any resistance , '' says William Queenan , a DC-10 pilot and 14-year Federal veteran . 
Mr. Malpass directs the Republican staff of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress . 
Upgrades to bigger models also will be costlier . 
The next day , as she prepares a $ 10,000 check for the Hammacks , which will cover the cost of demolishing the house and clearing away the debris , she jumps at the slightest noise . 
In a sharply written letter , Rep. David Obey , chairman of the House appropriations subcommittee for foreign operations , warned Mr. Bush that the result of his `` ultimatum '' could weaken efforts to accommodate the administration elsewhere . 
Older movies have plenty of violence , though it is portrayed in keeping with the more restrictive social conventions of the time . 
Regular TV series ratings have slumped in the past five years , and premiering new shows is `` a crap shoot , '' Mr. Pilson says . 
He also is an entertaining writer , combining wisecracks and wordplay with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work . 
But the Soviets also are insisting that they will reserve the right to withdraw from the completed strategic-arms treaty later on if the U.S. does SDI testing or deployment that the Soviets think violates the existing anti-ballistic-missile treaty . 
More than 50 % felt the same way about air bags . 
B.A.T Industries fell in early dealings but recovered to finish at 754 , up 5 . 
The end of the first half , however , brought what the standing-room-only crowd seemed to be waiting for : the pop singer Judy Collins , who appears on `` Inner Voices . '' 
Finally , Prince Rainier and Princess Grace saved her with the offer of a house in Monaco . 
Yesterday 's bond sale was part of a $ 6.7 billion refinancing plan to pay off high-interest debt the TVA owes the Federal Financing Bank , an arm of the Treasury . 
Asked why so few nations seem to share his views of America , he said , `` Many people see it that way . 
The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential . 
William Rothe , head of OTC trading at Alex . Brown & Sons , in Baltimore , said program trading is keeping the markets unsettled . 
`` Share prices performed even worse than the funds ' asset values because fear has taken hold '' in the junk market , he says . 
That segment continues to post strong quarter-to-quarter gains , while the low-end , or commodity segment , of the industry is experiencing sluggish growth or even sales declines . 
Their views on health care and welfare did n't much matter , though HHS spends billions a year on both . 
Step 2 examines how four progressively lower budget scenarios would change the baseline and how these changes would affect our national security . 
Vanguard 's $ 1 billion High Yield Bond Portfolio has seen $ 161 million flow out since early September ; $ 14 million of that seeped out Friday Oct. 13 alone . 
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one-yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima . 
In the latest nine months , the company earned $ 8.5 million , or $ 1.03 a share . 
However , non-interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . 
`` Under Mr. Ngoc , Van Nghe protected the people instead of the government , '' says Nguyen Duy , a poet who is the paper 's bureau chief for southern Vietnam . 
Utility stocks , on the other hand , thrive on disinflation , because the fat dividends utilities pay look more attractive when prices are falling ( or rising slowly ) . 
The comptroller 's office eventually extended the deadline to six months but broadened its demands , ordering that the `` book value of the collection { be } reduced to zero . '' 
The TVA currently plans to issue a total of $ 6.7 billion in bonds to refinance its high-interest debt . 
She said Quotron switched to a backup system until the problems were corrected . 
David Garth , Mayor Koch 's longtime media adviser , says of Mr. Dinkins , `` He really is the personification of the patronage system . 
This is the 22nd year in which the Washington media company has increased dividends . 
The current liberalization and decentralization of foreign trade would be taken much further . 
Frequently , clients express interest in paintings but do n't end up bidding , she adds , `` so we do n't know who the potential buyer will be . '' 
He cut his rating to a short-term hold from above-average performer and reduced his 1990 earnings estimate . 
The index advanced 266.66 points Thursday . 
The issue 's smooth absorption eased fears that supply would overwhelm demand in coming sessions , traders said . 
It can be hard for a salesperson to fight off feelings of discouragement . 
I see Congress as a last resort . '' 
And a week later , Japan raised its official discount rate by a half point to 3.75 % . 
`` It 's reasonable to say there is not a solvent S&L in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low , '' said Mr. Jackson . 
Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; legal , accounting and other professional services furnished to foreigners ; financial , engineering and construction services ; and the like -- were not being counted as exports . 
One South Bronx principal kept his job for 16 years , despite a serious drinking problem and rarely showing up for work . 
Separately , Warner reported a net loss of $ 106 million , or 56 cents a share , including merger expenses of $ 100 million and $ 120 million in charges associated with stock-appreciation-based compensation plans . 
Both MCA 's music-entertainment and book-publishing units also posted record revenue and operating profit . 
Weisfield 's rocketed 9 1\/2 to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company . 
Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the company said export log and lumber markets will be weak , while panel and plywood markets will be stronger . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
B.A.T Industries surged in afternoon dealings after its shareholders approved a plan to dispose of its U.S. and U.K. retailing operations to fend off Hoylake Investment 's # 13.4 billion ( $ 21.33 billion ) hostile bid . 
Never . '' 
`` There 's less likelihood of creating and completing a transaction without the unions ' cooperation and wage concessions , '' said Richard Nye , of Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover stock-trader . 
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health-care cost problem . 
However , he is restricted from making certain hostile moves by an agreement he signed to obtain confidential UAL data . 
`` When the economy loses a big portion of its work force that also happens to include its most productive members , economic growth is bound to be affected , '' says Anthong Wong , an economist with Hang Seng Bank . 
The paper producer reported that net income fell to $ 102.1 million , or $ 1.09 a share , from $ 122.4 million , or $ 1.29 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
At a meeting Sept. 1 to consider the labor-management bid , the board also was informed by its investment adviser , First Boston Corp. , of interest expressed by buy-out funds including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and Forstmann Little & Co. , as well as by Robert Bass , Morgan Stanley 's buy-out fund , and Pan Am Corp . 
`` Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the outlook for the newspaper group remains guarded , with no improvement yet seen in operating trends in our Eastern markets , '' said Robert F. Erburu , Times Mirror 's chairman and chief executive . 
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved . 
But Wang salespeople are trying to cope with the biggest challenge any marketer can face : selling the products of a company that is on the ropes . 
Dick Darman , call your office . 
Huge machines that look as though they came from the Star Wars desert-battle scene lumber among the dunes . 
The Bush administration plans to announce a series of principles and to work with congressional leaders in writing specific legislative proposals that embody them . 
For the six months ended Sept. 30 , Daiwa reported unconsolidated ( parent company ) net income of 79.03 billion yen ( $ 556.5 million ) on revenue of 332.38 billion yen ( $ 2.34 billion ) . 
Anti-union pilots have held ballot-burning parties . 
Inflation is at record levels . 
`` They want the full press releases on printer announcements by their competition , '' Mr. Amram says . 
The company reiterated that it expects another loss in the second quarter and for the full year , although it expects a profitable fourth quarter . 
The high court 's decision , expected next spring , may affect the stability of many large corporate pension plans that have relied on the availability of pension insurance provided by the federal pension regulatory and insurance agency . 
But dry growing conditions in the Red River Valley of Minnesota and North Dakota are pushing spot prices of potatoes beyond what Michael contracted to pay last spring . 
The space shuttle Atlantis boosted the Galileo spacecraft on its way to Jupiter , giving a big lift as well to an ambitious U.S. program of space exploration . 
The government offered a reward for the return of the antiquities , but routine police work led to the recovery . 
The danger that Ms. Bogart seems to be courting here is one of obfuscation rather than rejuvenation , a vision so at odds with the playwright 's that the two points of view nullify , rather than illuminate , each other . 
PepsiCo Inc. 's chairman said he is `` more than comfortable with '' analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to at least 98 cents to $ 1 a share from 91 cents the year earlier . 
The cafeteria offered donated croissants and brie for breakfast , and for dinner , pasta salad and chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon . 
Regrettably , two administrations in a row have been unwilling and unable to develop any plan , military or economic , for supporting the Panamanian people in their attempts to restore democracy . 
So why even consider stacking freeways now ? 
Fujitsu was n't the only company willing to sacrifice profit on the project . 
Murata Mfg. Co. said it is establishing a subsidiary in Britain to produce electric parts , including ceramic condensers . 
What this all means in shorthand is that Soviet dominance in Ethiopia is collapsing as fast as President Barre 's regime in Somalia is . 
The businessmen are introduced to potential agents and distributors and instructed in trade procedures . 
( A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time and is slower than newer , 32-bit chips . ) 
`` First , they produced a flowchart detailing the process by which an air-separation plant actually gets built . 
But should they spy one , the company will pay a bonus equal to one-third its value . 
`` We have tried our best to tell the people in Bataan that maybe this time it will not go to them , but certainly we will do our best to encourage other investors to go to their province , '' Mrs. Aquino told Manila-based foreign correspondents . 
The consumer price index climbed 4.3 % in the same period . 
The U.S. Commerce Department reported a $ 10.77 billion deficit in August , compared with a revised July deficit of $ 8.24 billion . 
Significantly lower sales of ` Stay Trim ' diet aids also were a factor in the drop . 
The comptroller 's office also said that of 37,000 complaints it received since January 1987 , only 16 alleged racial discrimination in real estate lending . 
The company said Mr. Franco developed a plan to establish a business that might be competitive with Capital Holding Corp. 's Accumulation and Investment Group , which Mr. Franco headed . 
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index-arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions . 
`` All the positive figures on the economy are out already , and people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the wage talks and the { parliamentary } elections , '' the U.S. trader said . 
Revenue was 21.98 billion francs . 
When the Supreme Court upheld Missouri 's abortion restrictions last July , the justices almost certainly did n't have drunk driving , trespassing and false imprisonment on their minds . 
The judge ordered that a hearing be held Nov. 17 to determine how much the city should pay Mr. Hoelzer for his services . 
A customs official said the arrests followed a `` Snake Day '' at Utrecht University in the Netherlands , an event used by some collectors as an opportunity to obtain rare snakes . 
Boston Edison Co. said it will take a previously reported $ 60 million charge against earnings in the fourth quarter . 
`` We expect a big market in the future , so in the long term it will be profitable . 
`` We desperately wanted the contract because we want experience in the field , '' the Fujitsu spokeswoman said . 
To do so , the judge said , the U.S. courts must review the judicial process in the foreign country independently of the State Department 's assessment . 
Thursday 's edition misstated the narrowing . 
After a recent merger , it is also the only province-wide distributor of magazines and newspapers in Quebec . 
The Treasury expressed pleasure , however , with the government of Taiwan , which was cited for exchange-rate manipulation in last year 's report . 
Canada 's largest department store operator said the rights offering will entitle holders of its ordinary shares , except residents in the U.S. and Britain , to subscribe for two additional shares for every five shares held at a price of C$ 31.25 a share . 
The financial services company emerged from the restructuring of Kaufman & Broad , Inc. , which spun off its home-building subsidiary into Kaufman & Broad Home Corp. earlier this year and changed its name to Broad Inc . 
Following the consolidation , the entertainment company , which has film and television operations in Beverly Hills , Calif. , will have about 4.1 million shares outstanding . 
To make matters even more confusing , the earlier U.S. experience made clear that Mr. Lawson 's tax cuts would have profound effects on Britain 's international accounts and the value of sterling . 
`` It 's certainly discrimination , '' says attorney Evan Wolfson , whose group forced Trans World Airlines this year to change a rule that allowed travelers to transfer frequent flier awards only to family members . 
The only time the violin has it is right at the end . 
Under the guise of `` healing the wounds of the nation , '' President Carter pardoned thousands of draft evaders , thus giving dignity to their allegations of the war 's `` immorality . '' 
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist . 
It 's a flimsy structure , built up on supports , and it was really rocking around . 
The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the same spot as p53 . 
It lent money to banks and encouraged them to make funds available to brokerage houses . 
The notes became burdensome when reset provisions allowed their interest rate to be raised to 19.25 % last June . 
They will be joined by Larry Gainen , who resigned from the firm of LePatner , Gainen & Block . 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
The computers use the company 's own microprocessor called Sparc , Sun said . 
The loss is a setback to IBM , which pointed to the Kodak contract as an example of its success in systems integration . 
Other retail properties for sale include Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field , retailers now owned by B.A.T PLC , the British tobacco conglomerate . 
But the surprisingly durable seven-year economic expansion has made mincemeat of more than one forecast . 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ( Canada ) -- 10 billion yen of 5.7 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1992 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 5.75 % less full fees , via LTCB International Ltd . 
T-bills sold at Monday 's auction yielded 7.90 % for six months and 7.77 % for three months , up from 7.82 % and 7.61 % , respectively , the week before . 
But Pemex managers are the ones most thrilled by the contract . 
Alan McKim , chief executive officer of Clean Harbors said he was `` very much encouraged '' by the official 's praise of Clean Harbors for the quality of some of the data in the report . 
Merchants Bank of New York lost 1 to 106 after reporting that its third-quarter net income fell to $ 1.62 a share from last year 's $ 1.67 a share . 
He explains that he was `` merely storing the paintings at home -- with some display -- because of the special dehumidified environment '' required for their safekeeping , until CenTrust 's new building was ready for them . 
Barred by its budget law from making any new domestic bond issues , Wellington 's Debt Management Office had been casting abroad to raise the 3 billion New Zealand dollars ( US$ 1.76 billion ) to NZ$ 4 billion it needs to come up with by the end of its fiscal year next June 30 . 
How could CBS get pushed into outbidding itself ? 
The new reports of sluggishness , which were foreshadowed by an earlier Labor Department report that manufacturing payrolls dropped by 105,000 in September , give the Fed another reason to further ease its grip on credit and lower interest rates . 
Revenue was $ 111.9 million , up 50 % from $ 74.8 million . 
However , he added , `` it 's not a requirement that the plan be accepted by creditors . 
Michael E. Hill 
The man went back and spoke to the desk clerk : `` That sign is wrong , '' he said . 
Mr. Barnicle reminded readers that he still has n't forgiven Globe management for questioning a $ 20 expense chit he submitted for parking his car while chasing a story . 
These have been among the country 's leading imports , particularly last year when there were shortages that led many traders to buy heavily and pay dearly . 
Sammye Meadows Sam Rushforth Gary Bryner Heber City , Utah 
For every brand like Renault or Fiat that has been squeezed out , others such as Isuzu , Daihatsu and Mitsubishi have come in . 
In Myrtle Beach , S.C. , the damaged Yachtsman Resort offers daily rates as low as $ 35 , or as much as 22 % below regular prices . 
The companies said the transaction is being structured this way because the laws of the Netherlands Antilles , under which Erbamont is organized , do n't provide for merger transactions . 
Lyphomed Inc. , Rosemont , Ill. , and Medco Research Inc. , Los Angeles , said the Food and Drug Administration granted full marketing approval for a new drug for the treatment of a condition in which the heart beats between 150 and 200 beats a minute . 
She snaps photos of the buckled floors and the plaster that has fallen away from the walls . 
Nine states have introduced bills requiring that workers and customers be made aware of monitoring . 
But with the company 's shares standing at $ 15 yesterday , a new offering seems unlikely , company officials say . 
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) . 
After only 11 moves for each side , the computer 's position was shaky . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 1.8 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 15.6 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.81 billion in maturing bills . 
In the process , `` Batibot , '' an archaic Filipino word meaning `` strong '' or `` enduring , '' has become a powerful advocate of the use of the Filipino language . 
Translant Inc. , Rancho Cucamonga , Calif. , got an $ 86 million Navy contract for missile-launch systems . 
Issues typically come with `` credit enhancements , '' such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings . 
But he says he did n't understand he was buying the CD on the secondary market , and he contends his broker never fully explained the risks . 
A second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars . 
Mr. Englund added that next month 's data is n't likely to be much better , because it will be distorted by San Francisco 's earthquake . 
`` You ca n't make a commodity out of a luxury , '' insists Mr. Purnick , the New York furrier . 
IBM established its standard to try to stop falling behind upstart Apple Computer , but NEC was ahead from the start and did n't need to invite in competitive allies . 
But the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court held that federal law did n't pre-empt the states from such a prosecution . 
Kodak wo n't disclose the cost or when its converter will be on the market , but it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years . 
All but eight of the 850 branches , which had some structural damage , reopened yesterday for business . 
Some take a warm view of consumer-oriented paper companies , which buy pulp from the commodity producers and should benefit from the expected declines in pulp prices . 
Actually , it was down only a few points at the time . 
But at the same time , spending on physician services and ambulatory care have mushroomed . 
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work . 
Neither side would comment . 
Overall , Mr. Gillett 's holding company , Gillett Holdings , is heavily indebted and , except for its Vail Mountain resorts , is n't doing very well . 
For people who can ride out market waves through good times and bad , stocks have been rewarding long-term investments . 
Mr. Kageyama is accurate to deny a specific anti-American bias . 
If the case is converted to Chapter 7 , what remains of the oil tycoon 's once-vast estate -- now believed to have a value of less than $ 125 million -- would be sold off quickly with most of the proceeds going to the Internal Revenue Service , whose claim for $ 300 million in back taxes has priority in the case . 
Texans Get Reasonable Car Rental Insurance 
However , that figure could be revised , Financial Corp. said . 
The government 's startling allegations , filed only days before the scheduled start of a criminal overcharge trial against GE in Philadelphia federal district court , challenge the motives and veracity of the nation 's third-largest defense contractor . 
Frank Gallagher , an analyst with Phoenix Capital Corp. in New York , estimates that the arbs paid an average of about $ 280 a share for their UAL positions . 
`` There was a general feeling that we 'd seen the worst , '' said Patrick Foley , deputy chief economic adviser for Lloyds Bank in London . 
So after 70 years , it is confessing the obvious , hoping to be believed about other things . 
But he implores that the splendor be played down . 
He added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out , but that Pathe will take 50 % of Odeon , Rome film producer Bruno Lucisano will take 10 % and the remaining 16.66 % , currently owned by Sasea , will eventually be sold to other investors . 
Paul Lesutis , who manages more than $ 3 billion of investments at Provident Capital Management Inc. , blames futures markets for leading the way . 
Jeanene Page , of North Salt Lake City , Utah , likes the broader selection . 
Thursday , October 19 , 1989 
Another approach : An investor with $ 100 million might use $ 75 million to buy the S&P 500 index and spend the other $ 25 million on a favorite group of stocks . 
There are of course good reasons the U.S. should n't get into the assassination business , but rescinding the executive order is not the same thing as saying the U.S. should start passing out exploding cigars . 
Lloyd 's is being squeezed out of low-margin but more consistently profitable product lines such as primary property and marine insurance . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3392.49 , off 
`` We are saying this is the breaking point , this is the event that will change the psychology of the marketplace , '' said William Yankus , an analyst with Conning & Co. , a Hartford firm that specializes in the insurance industry . 
The Appellate Division of New York State Supreme Court dismissed six lawsuits attempting to block a $ 2.5 billion project planned for 42nd Street in Manhattan . 
Competitors and analysts say that among large existing properties Bally Manufacturing Corp. 's Bally Grand hotel-casino probably will be hardest hit among major properties . 
His morning paper , the Washington Post , even carries a sports column called `` Jurisprudence '' that recounts the latest arrests and convictions of players and team managers . 
`` I did n't learn to count until I got to Juilliard . '' 
As a model of capitalist efficiency on southern China 's doorstep , Hong Kong 's prospects look good . 
As in the Oct. 13 massacre , yesterday morning 's drop was triggered by bad news for speculators in UAL . 
The four cases were all reported to GTE 's medical director and state and local health authorities . 
Just last week , for example , Trans World Airlines and Pan Am Corp. 's Pan American World Airways went so far as to offer cash rebates or gift checks of $ 200 to $ 1,000 to certain frequent-flier members making trans-Atlantic flights in business class or first class . 
The Federal Trade Commission said it authorized its staff to seek a preliminary injunction barring Imo Industries Inc. from acquiring the shares outstanding of the U.S. unit of the British company , United Scientific Holdings PLC , for $ 69 million . 
He says the fund , which is 40 % leveraged , has maintained a `` substantial cushion '' between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio 's bonds . 
142.3 % of the 1977 average . 
Hugh Zurkuhlen , analyst with Salomon Bros. , predicts the shift will mean P&G 's sales growth in the second quarter will be `` in the double digits . '' 
ERC Corp. rose 7\/8 to 12 . 
Revenue increased 6.5 % to $ 42.25 billion from $ 39.68 billion . 
Tenneco Credit Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % senior notes due Nov. 1 , 1996 , priced at 99.625 to yield 9.324 % . 
Some 71 % had bought some stock in the past year ; only 57 % had sold any . 
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees . 
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. is offering its 6,000 San Francisco employees a two-tier flextime schedule -- either 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m . 
A spokesman says the governor believes he can avoid increases by relying on federal aid and shifting funds in state programs . 
If all the debt was converted , about 13 million new shares would be issued . 
Qintex Entertainment is 43 % owned by Qintex Australia and said it relies on the Australian company for funding its working capital requirements . 
Bud Konheim , president of Nicole Miller Inc. , says his company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the Federated and Allied chains . 
A few years ago , parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children . 
What is dignity ? 
If Mr. Gorbachev 's goal is the creation of a free market , he and these Western observers have good reason to fear for his future , as economic liberalization within communist societies leads inexorably to demands for fundamental political reform accompanied by civil unrest . 
Net also was aided by a gain on the sale of the company 's equity interests in South Africa effective Sept. 1 . 
The news has n't exactly moved others in Mr. McDonough 's profession to become architectural Johnny Appleseeds . 
Competition could be maintained -- and stadiums probably would remain full -- if schedules were reduced and the games returned to the students , we said . 
Moreover , companies have sold off many of their smaller , less-profitable hospitals and have completed painful restructurings . 
San Franciscans have a much higher incidence of audits than average because more of them score high under that formula , not because IRS agents envy their life styles . 
There are two exceptions : Josh ( Jeffrey DeMunn ) , the local doctor who has always loved Kate ; and Lincoln ( Richard Masur ) , Kate 's simple-minded but affectionate brother . 
The three-page Crown Royal ad features a black-and-white shot of a boring holiday party -- and a set of colorful stickers with which readers can dress it up . 
At the same time , last week 's consumer price index showed that inflation is moderating . 
Bertin Nadeau , newly appointed chairman and interim chief executive of Provigo , would n't say if Mr. Lortie was asked to leave . 
Traders said turnover was particularly thin as investors waited for Wall Street to set the direction for the week . 
The tender offer and consent solicitation will be made to debtholders in December . 
Lufthansa AG said passenger volume climbed 5.2 % for the first nine months of 1989 to 15.3 million passengers from 14.5 million passengers in the year-earlier period . 
Judy and I were in our back yard when the lawn started rolling like ocean waves . 
He knows that making George Bush look silly in a photograph with him will trigger Noriegan fulminations , and that announcing an end to the liberals ' cease-fire will produce mainly their concern over the Contras ' military activities in northern Nicaragua . 
New two-year notes ended unchanged while three-year and four-year notes were slightly lower . 
literally . 
`` It may very well be what the Japanese banks want , '' he told Radio New Zealand . 
Quarter revenue was $ 232.6 million , up 12 % from $ 206 million last year . 
The animals ' point of view . '' 
Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and the like -- to capture the highest yields . 
On U.S.-Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged . 
The derivative mortgage-backed market revived after a brief hiatus as two new Remics totaling $ 850 million were offered and talk circulated about two more issues that could be priced today . 
Most investment-grade bonds fell 3\/8 to 1\/2 point . 
Libya accepted Iran 's proposal only so long as it was promised production parity with Kuwait . 
`` After a while , someone has to go over the side . '' 
Mr. Bakes declined to give out Eastern 's daily losses , but said he did n't expect Eastern would have to dip into the cash from asset sales currently held in escrow . 
National Westminster Bank PLC ( U.K. ) -- 
Tell us about spending restraint . 
Japanese auto makers , for example , are increasing their production capacity in the U.S. ; the additional production should , in part , replace imported vehicles with locally manufactured ones . 
Then , he answers his own question . 
That 's my challenge . 
After five years of management turmoil , with four different studio heads , Columbia sorely needs a stable , savvy team to restore its credibility and get it back in the business of making hits . 
The Belgian computer system finally was repaired and restarted on Tuesday of this week , with the aid of Toronto Stock Exchange officials who developed the system . 
The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear featuring items such as ski sweaters , leather backpacks and a $ 42 wool baseball hat with the store 's crest . 
Why should it be so surprising that a 30 % cut in the capital-gains tax would have such an enormous impact on the value of the nation 's capital stock ? 
And some even do it with malice aforethought . 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to keep the promise of the Fifteenth Amendment and enable Southern blacks to go to the polls , unhindered by literacy tests and other exclusionary devices . 
The letter , attached to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , said the approval is also contingent upon obtaining satisfactory financing . 
Given California 's size and political importance , the White House is eager to appear generous . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber tumbled 2 7\/8 to 43 7\/8 . 
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets . 
This year , many stores are entering the Christmas season in turmoil : Bonwit Teller and B. Altman parent L.J. Hooker Corp. is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code ; B.A.T Industries PLC 's healthy Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's chains are on the auction block ; Campeau 's Bloomingdale 's is also on the block . 
Instead , they could turn to investing in smaller deals involving smaller companies , he says . 
Friday 's volume on the First Section was estimated at one billion shares , up from 862 million Thursday . 
First , by making management focus on short-term results , they inhibit building for the future -- just the opposite of Japan . 
But a few days later the police accused him of stealing electricity , acquiring rubber without permission and buying stolen property . 
A former curator of the Museum of Cartoon Art in Rye Brook , N.Y. , pleaded guilty in July to stealing and selling original signed and dated comic strips , among them 29 Dick Tracy strips by Chester Gould , 77 Prince Valiant Sunday cartoons by Hal Foster , and a dozen Walt Disney animation celluloids , according to Barbara Hammond , the museum 's director . 
The Navy awarded Litton Industries Inc. 's Ingalls Shipbuilding division $ 15.5 million for shipyard services on the Aegis cruiser program . 
The Roper Organization , which conducted the survey , said almost half of the exercise equipment owners found it duller than they expected . 
Short-term rates increased . 
Terms of the agreement were n't given . 
That collapse , following on the heels of disarray in the market for high-risk , high-yield bonds , cast doubt on the entire takeover business , which has fueled both big profits among Wall Street securities firms and big gains in the stock market generally . 
Traders were initially nervous about shares of companies , including many leading OTC computer companies , such as Apple Computer with offices in the vicinity of the area damaged by the quake . 
( Airlines are n't lowering fares to Northern California following this week 's earthquake , but reservation agents can waive advance-purchase restrictions on discount fares for emergency trips . ) 
The southern unemployment rate rose to 21.3 % in July from 21.2 % in April and from 20.6 % a year earlier . 
A crusade of NO to the consumption of drugs is imperative . 
More recently , Guber Peters beat out a dozen other producers , reportedly including Robert Redford and Ted Turner , for rights to the life story of Chico Mendes , the murdered Brazilian union leader who fought developers in the Amazon rain forest . 
This contract , covering about 3,000 hourly production and maintenance workers , is being extended on a day-to-day basis . 
This is the first time I 've seen something I could imagine a lot of people using . '' 
But he estimated that a raider would have been able to amass no more than 4 % of the shares in recent months . 
But officials in Rome say the issue was legally resolved by a settlement between Italy and King Idris , deposed by Col. Muammar Gadhafi in 1969 . 
Existing suspension systems try to absorb bounces , but active suspension provides power to counter the jolts . 
The team reported they managed to induce bacteria to produce a non-toxic version of the poisons produced by the bacterium that causes whooping cough . 
Otherwise , if you put all your money in at one time , by sheer bad luck , you might pick a terrible time , and have to wait three years to get even , Mr. Gregory says . 
The bill also provides $ 620.5 million to meet U.S. contributions to international organizations and $ 80 million for peace-keeping activities . 
`` We wo n't sign any new contracts { with deliveries } beginning earlier than 2000 , '' the Hydro-Quebec official said . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 8.36 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened slightly to 1.46 percentage points . 
The Peruvian minerals concern had been seeking a claim of $ 251 million against Mr. Hunt . 
Mr. Curran expects industry RV sales for all of 1989 to fall about 5 % from 1988 , when sales of 427,300 units were the highest since 1978 . 
The warrants may be exercised until 90 days after their issue date . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome 13 was missing . 
In 1976 , he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as `` The Deep , '' and `` Midnight Express . '' 
Under { RICO } , the government may seek a temporary restraining order ( TRO ) upon the filing of a RICO indictment , in order to preserve all forfeitable assets until the trial is completed and judgment entered . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32 . 
Maryland Community Development Administration , Department of Housing and Community Development -- $ 80 million of single-family program bonds , 1989 4th and 5th Series , via a Merrill Lynch group . 
The Federal Trade Commission ruled that five major title-insurance companies illegally fixed prices for title search-and-examination services by participating in joint `` rating bureaus '' in six states . 
Fossett still had several million dollars in capital left after Friday 's close of trading , but not enough that regulators , worried about another potential market plunge yesterday , would let it reopen for trading , options exchange officials said . 
Geoffrey Goodfellow , who dropped out of high school back in the 1970s to manage a computer network at a California research firm , says : `` Old network hands have started to turn off the network because they do n't have time to wade through the muck . '' 
`` Japanese publishers want to be introduced to the publishing and information industries , '' said John Veronis , chairman of Veronis Suhler . 
`` Sit tight '' through the coming volatility , Mr. Reitman suggests , though he concedes that many small investors will find Jaguar 's zigzags `` too hard to swallow . '' 
The U.S. discovered the young Tony Noriega in late 1959 , when he was in his second year at the Chorrillos Military Academy in Lima , according to former U.S. intelligence officials . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Baxter closed at $ 22.25 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant . 
Seiko Epson Corp. , a newcomer to the industry , fought off a legal challenge and started selling NEC clones last year . 
Apple shares fell 75 cents in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 48 a share . 
Warner was referring to documents filed last week in which Sony Corp. of America Vice Chairman Michael Schulof and Walter Yetnikoff , president of its CBS Records unit , said they had taken Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters at their word when the producers told them that getting out of the contract would be no problem because of a previous oral agreement . 
Pinkerton 's world headquarters today is a nondescript , two-story office building across the street from the small Van Nuys Airport . 
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County . 
Mr. Phelan 's meeting with the floor brokers comes as he prepares to explain the exchange 's position on program trading to key congressional regulators in a closed session tomorrow , according to exchange officials . 
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 . 
`` We need to look at how to maximize our cash flow to pay our beneficiaries . '' 
Soviet companies would face fewer obstacles for exports and could even invest their hard currency abroad . 
Anthony J. Iaciofano , a lawyer for Burlington , said the company believes the Beebes ' symptoms were not related to the carpeting . 
Mostly because of the sell-off in technology stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the OTC 's largest non-financial issues dropped 4.58 to 457.52 . 
If the exchange falters in these moves , they say , it might once again fall behind its chief New York competitor , the Commodity Exchange . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year rose fractionally . 
A new specialty court was sought by patent experts , who believed that the generalists had botched too many important , multimillion-dollar cases . 
The issue is backed by Freddie Mac 8 1\/2 % securities . 
World-wide sales of Warner-Lambert 's non-prescription health-care products , such as Halls cough tablets , Rolaids antacid , and Lubriderm skin lotion , increased 3 % to $ 362 million in the third quarter ; U.S. sales rose 5 % . 
`` The technology revolution is going to be very threatening to established producers , '' says Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
Resolution Funding Corp. to sell $ 4.5 billion 30-year bonds . 
New Jersey Bell awaits state clearance . 
It was above 33 , adjusted for a subsequent split , in 1987 , and has n't gotten much higher since . ) 
Dealers said they viewed the initial # 390-million ( $ 622 million ) outlay for a 15 % stake in the airline as a bit much . 
But both see a common enemy : About 66 % of employees and 73 % of investors think senior managers get too big a slice of the profit pie . 
`` Neither is going to back down easily . '' 
This morning as I drove the 13 miles to my law office and endured the routine heavy traffic during that twice-daily journey , I thought of how fortunate it was that we made the decision to be residents of an expanding community with so many opportunities and where so much is happening . 
A fund manager at a life-insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction . 
A new fund , its operating expenses are being temporarily subsidized by the sponsor . 
His was one of two research teams in 1984 to report dual chromosome losses for a rare childhood cancer of the kidney called Wilm 's tumor . 
A spokesman said Amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single clean-up project was responsible . 
Burmah Oil PLC , a British independent oil company , said its West German subsidiary Castrol has a 49 % share in Explonaft G.m.b.H. , a new Polish lubricants company . 
He 's even able to think of a job that takes him out of the house 300 nights a week as an ordinary job . 
Rep. Garcia and his wife were found guilty by a federal jury in New York of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech Corp. in return for official acts by the New York Democrat . 
That committee determined to open Arizona to banking across state lines . 
These two New Crowd families lived in the same apartment building , with the Postel penthouse perched on top of the Gutfreund duplex . 
British Airways dropped out of the current bidding for United Air 's parent , leaving a UAL management-pilots group without a key partner . 
Analysts expect Conner 's earnings to reach roughly $ 40 million , or $ 1 to $ 1.05 a share , on sales of $ 650 million , for 1989 , the company 's third full year in business . 
While lawmakers have n't raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras following Ortega 's weekend threat to end a truce , Senate Majority Leader Mitchell said on NBC-TV that Ortega had made `` a very unwise move . 
`` If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . 
It wo n't do any good for anybody unless employees know about it . 
Sen. Dole also said he hoped for unanimous support for a resolution he plans to offer tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan leader . 
It marked the first time a U.S. official was impeached on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
Marshall Y. Taylor 
China 's foreign trade has gone in cycles during the past decade . 
The report showed that September consumer prices rose just 0.2 % , a smaller increase than expected . 
`` The attention span of the public is short , '' he said . 
The Treasury said a surge in tax receipts noted earlier in the year did n't turn out to be quite as strong as it first appeared . 
Their effort to run him out of Washington is an embarrassment to the original purpose of their own movement . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
Using cinema , television and print ads , the company pitches Southern Comfort as a grand old drink of the antebellum American South . 
So far this year , rising demand for OPEC oil and production restraint by some members have kept prices firm despite rampant cheating by others . 
It { Tuesday 's quake } has n't solved our problem . 
There are the strict monetarists , who believe that floating exchange rates free an economy to stabilize its price level by stabilizing the monetary aggregates . 
Noting that equity funds are up nearly 60 % from their post-crash low on Dec. 3 , 1987 , he said that what happened last week `` may not be enough of an adjustment . 
The house just settled right down into the ground . 
The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Anaheim-Santa Ana , Calif. ; Boston ; Louisville , Ky. ; Nassau-Suffolk , N.Y. ; New York ; Pittsburgh ; San Diego ; San Francisco ; Seattle ; and Washington . 
`` I see it as a sewage treatment plant , '' he says . 
The company said it expects the name change to take effect within a week . 
PENALTY OVERHAUL is still likely , congressional sources say . 
Ronald I. Mandle , analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. , called Citicorp 's venture-capital gains of $ 93 million before taxes `` strong . '' 
These new products could account for as much as 35 % of the company 's business in 1990 , Mr. Conner estimated . 
Instead , Congress opted for the inches , feet and yards the colonists had brought with them . 
While Seita does n't own the French tabacs , its close alliance with them offers distribution possibilities . 
United Telecommunications Inc. 's US Sprint unit said it was `` obviously disappointed '' with the FCC decision on Tariff 12 . 
However , he added , such event-driven trading moves typically last only a few hours and are often made without full information . 
Advancing issues beat declining ones , 1,271 to 811 . 
One major advantage of the revised plan is that Aztar will have far less debt than under the old terms . 
Institutional buyers were the main force pushing blue chips higher . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6145 , up from $ 1.6055 late Tuesday . 
The return of pro-investment tax breaks such as those for capital gains and IRAs `` creates more of a mood or a mindset that is helpful for getting better depreciation ( write-offs ) or investment credits , '' says Paul Huard , a vice president for the National Association of Manufacturers . 
Mr. Lesk could n't be reached to comment . 
Myrtle Beach , S.C . 
Ms. McCraw says she wants the campaign to help attract advertisers in 10 categories , including corporate , financial services , consumer electronics , insurance and food . 
To help finance the Carat purchase , WCRS said it plans an issue of Euroconvertible preferred shares once the market settles down . 
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early . 
As a result , he reignited the inflation that Mrs. Thatcher , through a long and costly effort , had subdued . 
The contract also provides for advanced billing and network management services . 
Volume of asset-backed securities issued annually 
It could easily be two years before the well-traveled artery that helps connect Oakland with San Francisco is reopened , and the cost to build a new stretch of highway could soar to more than $ 250 million , said Charles J. O'Connell , deputy district director in Los Angeles of the California Department of Transportation , nicknamed Caltrans . 
At the news conference , Mr. Lorenzo and Eastern President Phil Bakes presented a far rosier assessment . 
I 'm not referring to the traditional champagne drenching during the back-on-terra-firma toast . 
`` Foothills wants to make it clear to other pipeline companies that it 's on first insofar as transporting gas from the Arctic to southern markets , '' Mr. Hillary said . 
Share prices on the Frankfurt stock exchange closed narrowly mixed in quiet dealings after recovering most of their early losses . 
According to Mr. Nixon 's office , `` This is solely a fact-finding trip . 
But the man who built it has fallen . 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency was trading at about 142.95 yen at midmorning , up from 142.80 yen at the opening and up from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.15 yen . 
Mr. Soule says his only beef was that the massages were being given in a company conference room ; the department 's supervised health facility would have been fine . 
The industrials were up about 60 points in the afternoon , but cautious investors took profits before the close . 
He adds : `` We are now witnessing a slowdown which , if history is a guide , could persist for a while . '' 
Negative answers crackle back . 
According to the filing , Hewlett-Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement . 
Mr. Hubbard , who died in 1986 , bequeathed the copyrights on his writings to his church , which licensed them to New Era Publications , a Danish corporation . 
A California official also said he sent the Federal Bureau of Investigation a packet of documents relating to a previously reported $ 400,000 contribution from Lincoln 's parent solicited by Sen. Alan Cranston ( D. , Calif . ) . 
But there was little selling pressure , and even small orders at the lower levels sufficed to bring the market back to Friday 's opening levels . 
The finance unit attributed the decline to higher borrowing costs compared with a year earlier . 
So there is reason to believe that Michael 's hopes for a bacteria-free , long-shelf-life egg were n't all hype . 
Friday , October 27 , 1989 
The Confederation of British Industry 's latest survey shows that business executives expect a pronounced slowdown , largely because of a 16-month series of interest-rate increases that has raised banks ' base lending rates to 15 % . 
A few days later , American Medical announced sharply lower earnings , taking charges of $ 24 million for insurance reserves and canceled real estate leases . 
Supporters acknowledge that the process aims to manipulate , but they insist that the best trial lawyers have always employed similar tactics . 
Data Systems has five retail stores in the northeast , but specializes in selling personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. and Apple Computer Inc. to banks , brokerage firms and other big businesses based in the New York metropolitan area . 
Wheat futures prices rose slightly . 
`` It 's a sensational piece about someone who is not here to defend himself . '' 
The exchanges contend that dual trading improves liquidity in the markets because traders can buy or sell even when they do n't have a customer order in hand . 
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage-backed securities , reversing a recent trend . 
Medieval philosophers used to hold the sensible belief that it was more perfect to exist than not to exist , and that to exist as a matter of necessity was most perfect of all . 
Chinese officials said armed police would replace soldiers in Tiananmen Square as part of a scaling down of Beijing 's five-month-old state of emergency . 
Allan Meltzer , a Carnegie-Mellon University economist , noted that the Fed 's record included the longest , most sustained , peacetime inflation in our history , dating from either 1966 or 1967 to 1989 . 
Even though only 12 % actually predicted a recession , many respondents were taking a better-safe-than sorry investment stance . 
He says the problems on European exchanges included market-system breakdowns , delayed execution of buy and sell orders and trading suspensions . 
First Boston financings for several other highly leveraged clients , including Ohio Mattress , unraveled as the high-risk junk bond market plummeted . 
Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million . 
Lilly is building plants to make the insulin in Indianapolis and Fagershein , France . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 13\/16 % offered . 
HUGO'S BLAST generates pleas for aid from South Carolina small businesses . 
New York Times Co. said net income rose in the third quarter because of a one-time gain on the sale of the company 's cable-TV system . 
This same tendency toward openness impressed a group of visiting U.S. congressmen this spring . 
WHO 'S NEWS : Stephen Novick , 49 , was named executive vice president , deputy creative director at Grey Advertising , New York . 
The two developments leave the airline with several problems , including an unsettled labor situation . 
Among other technology issues , Cray Research rose 1 5\/8 to 37 , Hewlett-Packard added 1 1\/4 to 50 1\/4 , Tandem Computers rallied 1 1\/8 to 25 3\/4 , Data General rose 3\/4 to 14 1\/2 and Motorola gained 2 3\/8 to 59 1\/4 . 
Sluggish demand was also evidenced by the weak 2.41-to-1 bid-to-cover ratio , which was lower than the average 2.79-to-1 ratio at the last 12 similar auctions . 
Hees is a merchant bank controlled by Toronto financiers Peter and Edward Bronfman . 
The Pentagon has led the charge , particularly as military alliances spread world-wide . 
He said it is n't certain whether Discovision 's current management will remain when Pioneer buys the company . 
QUANTUM CHEMICAL Corp. 's plant in Morris , Ill. , is expected to resume production in early 1990 . 
In a statement , Mr. Merksamer described the filing as a `` legal technicality , '' but also said that `` our inability to obtain trade credit , combined with a need to ensure that our stores were properly stocked for the Christmas season , necessitated our filing Chapter 11 . '' 
The gains also sparked buying interest in other real-estate companies , traders said . 
Ronald Edwin Parsons Ballwin , Mo . 
You 're right there in the mainstream of American business , building value on the back of insupportable expenditures . 
Sanjay Joshi , European economist at Baring Brothers & Co. , said there is no sign that Britain 's manufacturing industry is transforming itself to boost exports . 
The company dispatched as many as 200 people in the San Francisco area to do the work , though most of the rerouting was done by computer . 
Futures prices rose slightly in a market filled with rumors that a new international coffee agreement might still be achieved . 
Mr. Boren himself did n't discover the warn-your-enemy nuance until Mr. Bush told him privately at the White House last week . 
`` In the past , customers had to go to IBM when they outgrew the VAX . 
A&P fell 1 1\/4 to 57 5\/8 , and J. Baker gained 3\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
The Fed chairman 's caution was apparent again on the Monday morning after the market 's plunge , when the central bank took only modest steps to aid the markets . 
The trading halt in the S&P 500 futures exacerbated selling and confusion , many traders maintain . 
TRADING VOLUME in Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures contracts on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Monday totaled 73,803 contracts . 
The U.S. unit dipped to a session low against the mark just after the release of the U.S. consumer price index . 
Mr. Baldwin likes the offering . 
Revenue fell 12.7 % to $ 596.8 million from $ 684 million , although some of the decline was caused by discontinued operations . 
It was during those hearings that the nation first learned the breadth and depth of Gen. Noriega 's criminality , and of his enduring relationships with a variety of U.S. government agencies . 
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally . 
All of the firms except Kidder , which is the second-biggest program trader on Wall Street , quickly announced pull-backs from index arbitrage . 
And to the uninitiated , some of the firm 's approaches may seem chillingly manipulative . 
`` We are n't looking at anything like a doomsday scenario , '' he says . 
Now , we regard this as a largely phony issue , but the `` long term '' is nonetheless a big salon topic all around the Beltway . 
Aeroflot thus pays its landing fees , ground-handling and catering bills with fuel , preserving its hard currency . 
The vehemence of the emotions aroused by the case testifies to its symbolic importance in the war that Thurber accepted as an eternal part of the human condition . 
But that wo n't stop plaintiffs ' lawyers from seeking a little room for maneuvering . 
After years of experimenting , Mr. Chan produced a heavy-duty bicycle tire that outlasted its state-produced rival . 
Because the ANC remains banned , both the government , which approved the rally , and the organizers , who orchestrated it , denied it was an ANC rally . 
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA-insured loans . 
Among the possibilities the Treasury is considering are requirements that banks keep records identifying the originators and recipients of international wire transfers . 
Such authority is more than adequate , say opponents of the legislation . 
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples . 
In addition to the stock and 20 % of Manville 's profits beginning in 1992 , the trust is supposed to receive $ 2.5 billion over its 27-year life . 
The new two-year notes were priced with an average yield of 7.74 % . 
T. Rowe Price is an investment adviser to mutual funds , institutions and individuals . 
The mismatch exposed the company to a high degree of interest-rate risk , and when rates moved unfavorably -- beginning late last year and continuing into this year -- `` it cost them , '' Mr. Kriz said . 
In mid-August , the companies , through their jointly owned holding company , Temple Holdings Ltd. , sweetened the offer to $ 63 a share , or $ 963 million . 
According to East Germany 's ADN news agency , Mr. Krenz spoke to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged East Germany could learn from Moscow 's glasnost policies . 
He said that ill effects from new carpets manifest themselves immediately but that the Beebes ' symptoms appeared months later . 
Earlier this week , Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze confessed that the U.S.S.R. ignored universal human values by invading Afghanistan and , to put it bluntly , `` engaged in a violation of the ABM Treaty '' by building its radar station at Krasnoyarsk . 
John C. Dannemiller , executive vice president and chief operating officer , will become president and chief operating officer . 
In his first year of operating the store he bought for $ 220,000 , Mr. Ortiz was robbed at least twice at gunpoint . 
Talks between the two sides could unravel , of course , as they have more than once since Sony announced its plans to hire Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
In fact , Aer Lingus started ferrying Russians from Shannon to New York when Washington stripped Aeroflot of its U.S. landing rights . 
Two weeks ago , in a campaign to blunt inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound , he raised base rates a full percentage point to 15 % . 
Levi Strauss Associates Inc. , the closely held owner of Levi Strauss & Co. , said its fiscal third-quarter earnings jumped to $ 128.6 million from $ 31.3 million a year earlier , aided by a $ 69.8 million gain from the sale of stock in a Japanese subsidiary . 
With today 's computer-driven program trading techniques , index funds can trade back and forth between stock-index futures and the actual stocks making up indexes such as the S&P 500 . 
His boss complained about neglect of other chores . 
And it retains an interest in acquiring candies and other articles that might be sold in tobacco shops . 
Banco Popular originally proposed the merger in July , in a cash and stock transaction valued at $ 50 a share , or about $ 293 million . 
For complex cases , judges sometimes allow many more . 
When the mining in front of the wall is complete , it is moved northward . 
The fledgling science went corporate in 1977 when International Business Machines Corp. hired a marketing professor to help defend a complex antitrust case . 
Thousands remained homeless . 
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 or less at major banks was 7.96 % in the week ended Tuesday , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service . 
THE IRS DELAYS several deadlines for Hugo 's victims . 
Manville , having rid itself of asbestos , now sells fiberglass , forest products , minerals and industrial goods . 
The union said late last night that it is still committed to majority employee ownership and that the labor disputes that faced the company prior to the buy-out effort `` still need to be addressed . '' 
The new beer , introduced this week at a liquor industry convention , is imported from Switzerland 's Cardinal brewery . 
Soon the whole purpose of the demonstration is lost in mob mania . 
`` The magazine is strong . 
Mr. Cohen , the Drexel general counsel , said , `` I do n't think , as we say in investment banking , that ` by the end of the day ' we 'll be losing any licenses . '' 
Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000 , and Ajinomoto gained 70 to 2,840 . 
Mr. Sawyer began running the company on an interim basis in late September . 
An A.P. Green official declined to comment on the filing . 
Bulgaria 's government has been behaving beyond the pale for months , and the U.S. does its values no credit by ignoring that while casting its votes into the past . 
`` We certainly see an increasing trend toward that , '' she added . 
Those Metropolitan Life ads were bad enough . 
Sound stages echo . 
A few months ago , Dentsu acquired 69 % of Australian agency Fortune Communication Holdings Ltd. for 5.9 million Australian dollars ( US$ 4.6 million ) . 
The proposed acquisition will be subject to approval by the Interstate Commerce Commission , Soo Line said . 
A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue-chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . 
The insurer has started processing claims from the Northern California earthquake nearly two weeks ago . 
The plan will help the company in its existing joint manufacturing agreement with AT&T . 
Guy F. Atkinson added 7\/8 to 16 7\/8 , on 335,700 shares . 
In order to show that all of its units had corrected billing problems and therefore should become eligible again for new contracts , prosecutors contend that `` high-level GE executives '' and company lawyers provided `` misleading statements '' to then-Air Force Secretary Verne Orr and other Pentagon officials during a series of meetings in 1985 . 
Chicago businessmen Bertram M. Lee and Peter Bynoe signed a new agreement to purchase the Denver Nuggets basketball team , but not as principal owners . 
In the six trading days since the UAL labor-management buy-out group failed to get bank financing , culminating Friday with the withdrawal of its partner British Airways PLC , UAL stock has plummeted by 41 % to 168 1\/2 from 285 1\/4 . 
The company went public earlier this month , offering 1,745,000 shares of common stock at $ 15 a share . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days. 9.84 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Rep. Robert K. Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) Washington 
`` I do n't think it will lead to any chaos in the secondary market , '' says Mr. Patel , `` only a sagging tendency . '' 
A matching Eagleton-Newark Star Ledger poll last month showed a complete reversal . 
Tandy said its experience during the shortage did n't merit the $ 5 million to $ 50 million investment U.S. Memories is seeking from each investor . 
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market-makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100-share index . 
Again , no such statement appears on the tapes . 
Shearson does n't break out the earnings of its subsidiaries . 
`` These people are very skilled at finding out what makes a person tick , '' says Kent Neal , chief of the economic-crime unit of the Broward County State Attorney 's Office in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , a major haven for boiler rooms . 
For instance , salesmen may counter a man 's objection that he wants to discuss an investment with his wife by asking , `` Who wears the pants in your family ? '' 
Annual inflation rose to 3.64 % in October from 3.55 % in September . 
Mourning for the father is overshadowed by the shame of burying him in a pauper 's grave . 
`` I got to get back to school and straighten out my English . '' 
Nixdorf Computer AG , citing continued profitability problems , said it will have to reduce personnel further , notably in research and development sectors . 
The bank said the increase in loan-loss provisions wo n't affect the payment of dividends . 
Japan normally depends heavily on the Highland Valley and Cananea mines as well as the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea . 
Mr. Kravis apparently thinks SCI TV can survive if lenders extend its debt payments until TV stations rise in value again , allowing SCI TV to sell assets to pay debt . 
The loan is backed by Healthcare 's 5.4 % stake in HealthVest and interest in certain facilities . 
While utilization management frequently reduces hospitalization costs , these savings are often offset by increases in outpatient services and higher administrative costs , according to the report by a panel of health-care experts . 
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it . 
Died : S. Clark Beise , 91 , ex-president and chief executive officer of Bank of America NT&SA , Saturday , in Hillsboro , Calif . 
Lonrho PLC of Britain is to come to the rescue of the French distribution group Societe Commerciale de l'Ouest Africaine in an operation that has been engineered with the Paribas financial group , Societe Commerciale 's main shareholder . 
Hard-hitting consultants match ads with Mr. Courter 's team , and Mr. Florio retools himself as the lean , mean Democratic fighting machine of the 1990s . 
At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees , lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs . 
He doubts a Bismarckian super state will emerge that would dominate Europe , but warns of `` a risk of profound change in the heart of the European Community from a Germany that is too strong , even if democratic . '' 
The first Merkur , the XR4Ti , went on sale in early 1985 . 
All are expected to reopen soon . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Soo Line shares jumped well above the proposed price , closing at $ 20.25 , up $ 2.75 . 
Yesterday , it provided the details : 
Individuals also should focus on building equity in a home , which provides some protection against inflation , as well as a nest-egg that can be cashed in late in life to help cover the cost of retirement living . 
The leveraged buy-out firm of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , which owns 46 % of the common equity of SCI TV , indicated in the debt plan that it would reduce its equity stake to 15 % , giving the rest of its stake to bondholders in the restructuring . 
The merchant bank also announced that finance director David Eward is taking early retirement for personal reasons . 
UH HUH : 
Three-month T-bill yields have fallen to 7.8 % from about 9 % at the start of the year . 
The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position . 
Volume 164,830,000 shares . 
Most of the earnings decline reflected an increase in the company 's effective tax rate to 44 % from 37 % in the year-ago third quarter when nonrecurring tax credits were recorded , the company said . 
For the most part , major corporations ' headquarters and plants were unaffected or only slightly damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale . 
After all , gold prices usually soar when inflation is high . 
`` What good is having health insurance , '' she asked , `` when it 's so expensive that it becomes impossible to keep after only one major claim ? 
Mr. Allen , appointed by President Reagan , grew understandably tired of dealing with the guerrilla tactics of his enemies . 
Reebok International Ltd. posted a 35 % increase in third-quarter net income despite a slight decline in sales . 
Japan 's Finance Ministry strongly denied playing any role in the New York stock-price free fall . 
Daiwa House also ended easier , but Misawa Home was firmer . 
Last Thursday , PaineWebber Group Inc. also said it would cease index arbitrage altogether , but the firm was n't as big an index arbitrager as Merrill is . 
The adjuster had n't completed all the calculations , but says : `` We 're talking policy limits . '' 
And it 's adding 15 to 20 new outlets a day , says Greg Ricca , sales director at La Lecheria . 
Labor costs , which leveled off in the past few years because of lower pay scales for newer employees , are on the upswing again at many carriers . 
Although Dr. Warshaw points out that stress and anxiety have their positive uses , `` stress perceived to be threatening implies a component of fear and anxiety that may contribute to burnout . '' 
Are n't we , after all , the inevitable culmination of that stately pageant called evolution ? 
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar . 
Ms. Davis said the new machines could steal some sales away from Olivetti 's own minicomputers , but would bring new sales among professionals such as engineers , stockbrokers and medical doctors . 
Altogether , employment is expected to decline to less than 16,000 from the current level of about 18,000 . 
Treasury Securities 
`` I 'm not saying everything is hunky-dory , but we have completed the transition , '' Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive , said in an interview . 
With that possibility in mind , analysts said the transaction was a positive move for First City . 
He said the rising volume of passenger traffic on this route justifies a major investment in new high-standard Moscow hotels . 
As it is , waiting lists of a month are n't unusual for popular models . 
HEXCEL Corp. , Dublin , manufacturer of engineered parts , annual sales of $ 399 million , NYSE , had little damage beyond some phone trouble . 
Ad Notes ... . 
In a free market , his insurance rates can be raised to recover insurance-company losses . 
AB Volvo invites passers-by to play `` the role of the test dummy '' by hopping in a car that simulates a crash to show just how its seat-belt tightener works . 
Ralph Brown was 31,000 feet over Minnesota when both jets on his Falcon 20 flamed out . 
That announcement was roundly criticized by Mayor Koch -- who has endorsed Mr. Dinkins -- because the city faces a garbage crisis and has already spent $ 5 million planning for an incinerator that would be scrapped under Mr. Dinkins 's proposal . 
`` The fundamentals are pretty strong , '' Mr. Dreman says . 
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business . 
But that 's not the only problem for stocks . 
First-section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares , up from 886 million shares Thursday . 
Ms. Avedisian believes that the mutual funds are selling muni bonds that have a negative convexity -- those that have appreciated in price slowly relative to the decline in interest rates . 
With strong prices in the company 's two major areas -- building products as well as pulp and paper -- analysts had expected a roaring quarter . 
`` One agency should have the authority over all equity products . 
He describes a drowned corpse as `` Esther Williams . '' 
Aer Rianta now manages duty-free sales on all Aeroflot international flights out of Moscow . 
`` We write straight for women on their level , '' he said . 
Susan Rogin , a consultant to abortion-rights activists in the state , takes comfort from the fact that the state 's House abortion opponents `` have n't been able to muster the votes to overturn a veto on abortion in 16 years . '' 
But as you may know , things are not going well for Violetta . 
Yesterday , American Medical said that the two other parties told the company that they do n't have any current intention of making a takeover bid . 
Creation of a new , realistic U.S. policy is long overdue . 
`` My style is less informal , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
The issues are too important to be left to the financial and budget ministries fighting over the size of the capital increase , rather than its purpose . 
It should be a scream . 
Catching up with commercial competitors in retail banking and financial services , they argue , will be difficult , particularly if market conditions turn sour . 
A spokesman for GE Capital declined to comment . 
Its shares closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading , down 37.5 cents . 
Nissan , Japan 's second-largest auto maker and the world 's fourth-largest , was getting beat up not only by its bigger rival , Toyota Motor Corp. , but also by Honda Motor Co. , the most successful Japanese car company in the U.S. but a relative pipsqueak in Japan . 
They are officially considered `` strategic , '' and their privatization is prohibited by the Mexican Constitution . 
The service did n't identify its Tokyu sources . 
Prior to the introduction of financial futures in the late 1970s , most trading firms clustered around the LaSalle Street financial district here were family operations handed down from one generation to the next . 
Naomi Bernhard Levinson , a fine-arts appraiser at Bernhard Associates in San Francisco , considers it `` definite conflict of interest for an auction house to both advise a client on purchases and to set price estimates on the paintings to be purchased . '' 
In 1987 , however , the news was the latest in a string of disappointments on trade , while the current report comes after a period of improvement . 
The idea behind the Egg King is pretty simple : put the eggs into a cylinder that contains perforated baskets , spin them at a high speed to break the shells and strain the edible part through the baskets . 
The Big Board is considering reviving a curb on program trading when the market is volatile . 
Howard Bloom , president of the dress firm Chetta B Inc. , says : `` It 's big time chaos today . 
Sales by category rose 24 % to 35.23 billion yen , reflecting increased production in automobile , airconditioner and electric machine industries , which are major users of wire and cable products . 
`` This will prevent a slide in industrial production , which will otherwise cause new panic buyings , '' the spokesman said . 
New York Stock Exchange volume swelled to 198,120,000 shares . 
The Fed 's case for its own independence would be a little stronger if it were more solicitous of the independence of the rest of the government . ) 
In contrast , the industrial average recovered almost completely from its skid and closed down 0.1 % . 
Mr. Eddington sees alliances with other carriers -- particularly Cathay 's recent link with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines -- as an important part of Cathay 's strategy . 
While Mr. Rosenthal introduced new undergarment designs , his wife , Ida , concentrated on sales and other financial matters . 
Died : Rudolf von Bennigsen-Foerder , 63 , chairman of Veba AG of West Germany , in Duesseldorf , of pneumonia . 
Few market participants expect the U.S. unit to rally sharply on the news , if it turns out as expected . 
William E. Downing , Pacific Bell 's vice president of customer services for the Bay area , says most long-distance companies were blocking about 50 % of all calls . 
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs but would be subject to tax . 
`` We 'd still like to see a student model , '' priced at about $ 3,500 , said Ronald Johnson , director of academic computing at Minnesota 's Gustavus Adolphus College , which has bought eight Next machines . 
Mr. Hutchinson predicted that the unit 's contribution to company results in the 1990s `` will be exciting . '' 
In others a familiar old name still prevails , but the underlying game has changed . 
David Lung has been with Patrick since 1970 , and has served as vice president for administration and purchasing since 1987 . 
The hulk of Stalinism , it seems , will not quickly crumble away . 
But devices are there for the asking , whether in stores or through the mail . 
Other retailers are also preparing for a ho-hum holiday . 
The project will be the largest U.S.-backed joint venture to be undertaken in the Soviet Union in recent years . 
An additional 56 % of this year 's respondents expect the economy to slow down during the next 12 months . 
Sir Alan considers this an ill-advised and costly policy . 
Biological weapons violations have figured little in political debate , and indeed have not been pressed vigorously enough by the U.S. government . 
I am not a proponent of everything Gandhi did , but some of his law breaking was justified because India was then under occupation by a foreign power , and Indians were not able to participate fully in decisions that vitally affected them . 
At least 10 states are resisting Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's nationwide effort to settle its legal troubles , and some might instead try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities within their borders . 
Callum McCarthy , 45 , was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate-finance division and a managing director . 
The company said that improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by increased costs in its government contract business , lower operating earnings in its commercial-products sector and soft automotive markets . 
COCA-COLA Co . ( Atlanta ) -- 
Ms. Bartlett told her audience that she absolutely did not believe in compromise or in giving in to the client `` because I do n't think you can do watered-down versions of things . '' 
But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government . 
Output in the capital-goods sector was ahead 0.9 % on a monthly basis and 2.7 % year on year . 
The big problem for Daewoo , which holds about 21 % of the market , is the long series of labor disruptions it suffered this year . 
In Japan , about 1 % are linked . 
Currently only one in 38 South Koreans owns a car , up from one in 200 a decade ago . 
The big apparel maker and retailer said that its net income in the latest quarter increased to $ 51.1 million , or 58 cents a share , from $ 31.7 million , or 36 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Michael wo n't confirm the identities of any Easy Egg customers , nor will it say much of anything else . 
Investors took profits on major construction shares , which advanced last week , shifting their attention to some midsize companies such as Aoki Corp. , Tobishima and Maeda . 
And Time Warner Inc. is developing a spinoff of Time magazine aimed at kids , on the heels of its successful Sports Illustrated for Kids . 
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 18 , 1989 and Wednesday October 11 , 1989 . 
`` The intervention has been friendly , meaning that they really did n't have to do it , '' said Maria Fiorini Ramirez , money-market economist at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
-- Joshua Adams . 
The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding . 
Third-quarter shipments slipped 7 % from the year-ago period , and 17 % from this year 's second quarter . 
Looking ahead to other commodity markets this week : 
Demonstrations are particularly apt to degenerate into criminal conduct when they leave the site of the grievance and become mobile . 
And although Mr. Roman and WPP 's chief executive , Martin Sorrell , have gone out of their way to be publicly supportive of each other , people close to Mr. Roman say he was unhappy giving up control of the company . 
Texas Rep. Steve Bartlett , who has 40,000 American Airlines workers in his district , says the bill is `` good politics , but bad law . '' 
PWA did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul , but a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million ( US ) , excluding replacement costs for the 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA plans to sell , and purchase costs for as many as 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft that PWA previously ordered . 
He succeeds L.L. White Jr. , 62 , who resigned but continues as a director . 
Sierra Tucson Cos. , Tucson , Ariz. , started trading under STSN . 
Brooks Brothers hopes that shaking its time-honored traditions will attract more young men and more women and change consumer perceptions about its range of merchandise . 
Third-quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . 
The buoyant Bombay rumor mill also says that some of the money raised in the current spate of issues will be used as campaign donations before the elections . 
Tokyo stocks closed higher in active trading Friday , marking the fourth consecutive daily gain since Monday 's sharp fall . 
Already , he notes , the 76 charges originally filed against him have been trimmed to 27 . 
That gives them enormous leverage , including the threat of a strike to block any buy-out or recapitalization attempt they oppose . 
It still does n't look like governments are coughing up everything they know . 
At the same time , there appears to be a market for news-oriented programming ; Turner Broadcasting System Inc. 's Cable News Network has its highest ratings , outside of prime time , on Saturday mornings . 
Critics of the plan , including the town of Braintree , say the incinerator is a health hazard . 
Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write-off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday . 
The Turner move is in line with a cable-TV trend toward more original programming -- and toward finding more ways to amortize the high cost of producing films . 
Also , the company posted improved third-quarter earnings . 
Included in the results was an adjustment to the Dallas-based company 's tax rate that reduced net income by about 10 cents a share , or approximately $ 2 million . 
At this point , the truce between feminism and sensationalism gets mighty uneasy . 
Then he canceled production of the Navy 's most important carrier aircraft , the F-14 and the A-6 . 
Just last week it suffered another major setback when British Airways PLC , the largest equity investor in the labor-management bid , withdrew its support . 
`` I do n't know of any living ballplayer that 's ever done it , '' says Jack Smalling , a dealer in Ames , Iowa , and a recognized expert in the field of baseball autographs . 
Mr. Achenbaum helped Morgan in its recent agency search , and he has a long relationship with Hyundai , which is having severe troubles , including declining sales . 
Second , the World Bank 's recent $ 75 billion capital increase -- $ 14 billion from the U.S. -- has left the IMF feeling less than first fiddle among international financial institutions . 
`` We issue paper money ; we destroy paper money , '' says Jane Hinkle , a Philadelphia Fed spokeswoman . 
`` The team eliminated the crisis mentality that proposal deadlines can generate . 
Investors have complained for some time about program trading , particularly index arbitrage , to little avail . 
We note the imperial public word used to deny private rage and sorrow . 
The satellite , built by Hughes for the International Telecommunications Satellite Organization , is part of a $ 700 million contract awarded to Hughes in 1982 to develop five of the three-ton satellites . 
The volatility was dizzying for traders . 
Financial printer Bowne & Co. said it formed a business translation service , which will provide legal , financial and other services in most major languages , including Japanese , Chinese and Russian . 
Neither plan is dead , however , and the judge could force creditors to accept some version of them after ruling on the Minpeco-Manufacturers Hanover dispute . 
Most analysts think there 's little prospect the Contras can be a significant fighting force without U.S. arms , and after the February election their future in any form will be murky at best . 
But when the Pemex plant shut down for an annual overhaul , it would never give notice to its customers . 
He also called on Nicaragua 's neighbors to accept a `` military equilibrium '' guaranteed by both superpowers . 
Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset-management group . 
Aside from Generale de Belgique and Asahi , the syndicate includes Antwerpsche Hypotheekkas , a Belgian savings bank , and various family interests . 
Sales of Xerox copiers and other office products grew 1.6 % ; `` we expected growth of 6 % to 7 % , '' Mr. Henderson said . 
Common shares outstanding : 49 million 
So , as the Old Crowd toppled from the branch , it should n't have been too surprised . 
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines . 
Holders of NRM 's $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units will receive one new common share in Edisto for every 1.342 units they own . 
Additionally , Moody 's Investors Service said it downgraded Valley National 's senior debt and confirmed the company 's commercial paper rating of `` not prime . '' 
Another benefit is that substantial percentages of the proprietors in these centers are minority businessmen and women . 
Your narrow focus appears to be a contrived attempt to show the people of that historic city to be doddering fools . 
`` The competition is so intense that an owner 's loyalty to a dealership or a car is virtually nonexistent , '' says Mr. Negas , vice president of Ed Voyles Oldsmobile , one of the first dealerships to locate on the strip . 
It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by stratospheric fund-raising costs , high-living operators , and downright fraud . 
There is no mystery why the Delta originated `` Singin ' the Blues . '' 
He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to `` build a new Brazil '' than because of his good looks , the open backing of the powerful Rede Globo television network and his reputation as a hunter of `` maharajahs , '' or overpaid and underworked civil servants . 
As former Fed Chairman William McChesney Martin used to say , they would have to take the punch bowl away just as the party is getting interesting . 
Jocelyn Tomkin Astronomy Department University of 
CHICAGO - Options traders were among the big victims of Friday 's plunging stock market , including one small firm that required an emergency $ 50 million bailout . 
Ford 's latest move increases the pressure on GM to complete its current talks with Jaguar quickly . 
But most experts agree that the concept that is to be introduced drags in great complexity ; they have been trying to head it off this year . 
Books and tapes all over my room . 
GSX is a unit of Laidlaw Transportation Ltd. of Burlington , Canada . 
The December contract ended at $ 999 a metric ton , down $ 15 . 
Abortion via the pill is far more of an ordeal than conventional surgical abortion . 
Cineplex shareholders responded coolly to yesterday 's announcement . 
Columbia , S.C . 
Also , because of its reduced capital budget , Pemex has phased out about 50,000 transitory construction workers , reducing the work force to about 140,000 , the union leader says . 
The telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of $ 4 million , or two cents a share , from the sale of Contel Credit , a leasing and financial-services subsidiary . 
Is such a view justified ? 
Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing . 
Both were right . 
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying . 
`` You do n't have a right to practice . 
That contract was tied to the success of the buy-out . 
An Arkansas native , he started at guard on the undefeated 1964 University of Arkansas team that won a national championship . 
Besides rotten prices , he has been hit recently by hail , a bark-nibbling horde of mice , fungi and bugs . 
And shares of leveraged junk funds this year have been clobbered even harder than the junk bonds they hold . 
Great American Bank , citing depressed Arizona real estate prices , posted a third-quarter loss of $ 59.4 million , or $ 2.48 a share . 
The Philadelphia Fed says it is merely an `` agent '' for coins , responsible only for storage and distribution . 
`` Because of shrinkage in the economy , rates can be expected to decline over a one-year horizon , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
`` Nobody has the right to tell me how much I can work . '' 
Blue-chip advertisers have plenty of complaints about the magazines they advertise in , ranging from inadequate consumer research to ad `` clutter '' and a seemingly unchecked proliferation of special interest magazines . 
`` I would n't say we 're out of the business . 
Westmoreland 's strategy is to retain and expand its core business of mining and selling low-sulphur coal in the Appalachia region . 
Great Western 's provision for loan losses was increased to $ 27.9 million for the recent quarter compared with $ 21.8 million a year ago primarily as a result of `` continued weakness in various commercial and multifamily real estate markets outside California . '' 
`` They are becoming more independent . 
As well as the M$ 1.23 billion in provisions announced on Oct. 6 , the restructuring package covers an additional M$ 450 million in provisions made in earlier years but never reflected in a reduction of the bank 's paid-up capital . 
Georgia-Pacific fell 2 1\/2 to 50 7\/8 , but most paper and forest-products stocks firmed as market players speculated about other potential industry takeover targets . 
e - Estimated . 
But let Stevens continue in his unwitting comic manner ( his conscious efforts at `` banter '' always fail -- most comically ) : `` This whole question is very akin to the question that has caused much debate in our profession over the years : what is a ` great ' butler ? '' 
Revenue for the nine months rose to $ 449 million from $ 441.1 million . 
He predicted the debt ratio will improve further in coming quarters . 
Officials in East Berlin , responding to complaints from opposition groups , admitted police used excessive force in dispersing protesters this month . 
PWA would n't estimate the value of Wardair 's aircraft , which include 12 Airbus A310-300s and three Boeing 747-100s . 
`` I guess I was naive , '' he said . 
Uniroyal has 2,600 employees and facilities in the U.S. , Canada , Brazil , Italy and Taiwan . 
Back at the Verwoerd house , Hendrik Sr. peers down over the shoulder of Hendrik Jr . 
In the period , the company completed the sale of its European cosmetics businesses , sold a majority interest in its Brazilian affiliate , and announced the reorganization of its over-the-counter drug businesses into a new unit , Schering-Plough Health Care Products . 
Time Warner emphasized in a news release that it should be evaluated based on its cash flow , which the company defined as earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization . 
Moody 's also confirmed the Prime-1 rating , its highest , on CS First Boston 's commercial paper , or short-term corporate IOUs . 
And it 's growing fast , with annual sales gains of more than 10 % . 
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff . 
Union Pacific Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million debt securities and warrants . 
And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California . 
Israel has launched a new effort to prove the Palestine Liberation Organization continues to practice terrorism , and thus to persuade the U.S. to break off talks with the group . 
Ms. Moss said Ms. Levine secretly taped many conversations with her bosses at the Odeon in which they told her she was being fired as maitre 'd because she was pregnant . 
A similar situation apparently exists in the Ivory Coast with no figures released yet this year , compared with 55,000 tons as of this time a year ago . 
Last week came news of alarm in Venice over a plan to tap gas fields off the city 's coast . 
But such a combination also presents great risks . 
At that rate , a majority of OPEC 's 13 members have reached their output limits , they said . 
The topic that attracted participants ' attention was Mitsubishi Estate 's purchase of 51 % of Rockefeller Center Properties , announced late Monday in New York . 
The suit , which seeks class-action status , was filed in Delaware Chancery Court . 
Not everyone has jumped on the Breeden bandwagon , however . 
Our commitment to manage these businesses profitably will continue . '' 
The latest wave of marketing is instructive . 
A family foundation set up by late founder Henry Dunker controls 59 % of Trelleborg 's voting shares outstanding . 
Canada 's Brian Mulroney and Australia 's Bob Hawke , the paper said , were `` enraged . '' 
As program trading comes under renewed attack for causing stock market gyrations , a few people on Wall Street say it is time to consider extreme measures . 
Operating profit climbed 51 % , to 572 million francs from 378 million in the first half of 1988 . 
This is raising eyebrows . 
`` What counts is the bottom line . '' 
But Foothills said it plans to seek regulatory approval to build an alternative line , the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System further north toward Alaska . 
`` I realized I could n't waste this water when there are people in Watsonville who do n't have fresh water to drink . '' 
`` We do n't need the shelter of tax-free bonds , '' said a spokeswoman at Chemical . 
The move comes a week after Paribas announced that it was preparing to bid for 66.7 % control of Navigation Mixte . 
He added , `` We have no intention of selling either business . '' 
But at a time of mounting concern over alcohol abuse , some liquor marketers consider Seagram 's frequent buyer promotion risky . 
But some Wall Street executives argue that such fears are unwarranted . 
International Finance Corp . ( agency ) -- 10 billion pesetas of 11.6 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 11.60 % less full fees , via Citibank ( Madrid ) and Banco Espanol de Credito , Spain . 
The West German embassies in Prague , Budapest and Warsaw are continuing to find refugees at their gates . 
Ms. Franklin , 49 years old , fills the position vacated by Naomi G. Albanese , who retired earlier this year at age 72 . 
One preliminary estimate put the retrofitting cost at as much as $ 50 million . 
Specialized Equity and Convertible Funds 
Though she opposes abortion in almost all cases , she airs a TV commercial using pro-choice buzzwords . 
A year earlier , net was $ 71.6 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
DHAWK : 
Indeed , three of them will be building a successor machine for International Business Machines Corp . 
The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as KGB plants and ejected from France and when a mysterious office fire was set just before Congress sent accountants to trace U.S. funds . 
Retailers in the West and parts of the South are entering the critical Christmas shopping season with more momentum than those in other regions . 
The issue includes current interest bonds due 1991-2000 , 2009 , 2012 , 2014 and 2016 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2001-2005 . 
Revising employee manuals on pensions , health care and other subjects costs over $ 25,000 a year for Bert Giguiere , president of Professional Agricultural Management Inc. , a Fresno , Calif. , provider of business services to farmers . 
PRINCE HENRI is the crown prince and hereditary grand duke of Luxembourg . 
Not in the kitchen , or the storeroom or the book shop . 
Ms. Bick , the NIH administrator , says the business and scientific community is overreacting to what the agency merely meant to be `` ideas for discussion . '' 
The institute 's advocacy efforts are based on the needs of the population it serves and represents . 
He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . 
But he refused , claiming that he wanted to see what happened Monday morning before making any public statement . 
It also provides teachers with a superior self-definition as a `` profession , '' since they will have passed courses in educational psychology and educational philosophy . 
He said , `` Possibly , they 're waiting to buy at the ( quarterly ) refunding '' of government debt to be held next month by the Treasury . 
Mr. Goldberg , who took over as head of the IRS in July , has been disturbed by what he considers the inefficiency , waste and lack of coordination among the branches of the vast federal agency . 
The U.S. government 's Sverdlovsk complaint , as with Krasnoyarsk , is no mere political posturing . 
Third-quarter profit was 16 % below the $ 304 million , or $ 1.50 a share , earned in the 1989 second quarter . 
He said industry should build plants on the same scale as those outside India and benefit from economies of scale . 
The reputed wealth of the Unification Church is another matter of contention . 
`` I think you 'll see share prices go down , and sterling now is under something of a cloud . '' 
The registered importer would be required to bring such vehicles into compliance with the U.S. safety standards , compared with the current situation in which anyone can bring in such vehicles and modify them to meet the U.S. standards . 
It said the sales were part of a 1983 Federal Trade Commission Consent Order . 
But in October 1987 , when portfolio insurers rushed to sell at the same time , they overwhelmed both the stock and futures markets . 
The censorship is enforced through terrorism and assassination . 
While his case may be extreme , it reflects the vulnerability of many small communities to domineering judges . 
It was down a little . 
And ship lines carrying containers are also trying to raise their rates . 
Goodrich 's vinyl-products segment reported operating profit for the quarter of $ 30.1 million , less than half the $ 64.1 million of the year-earlier quarter . 
Mr. Ehrlich will continue as a director and a consultant . 
The jurors , who did n't know which side had retained them , decided for Energy Transportation , and awarded $ 500 million in damages . 
The August gap was expected to have expanded to $ 9.1 billion . 
But unlike the other new leaders in the East Bloc , Mr. Krenz will face an immediate threat to his nation 's very existence : German reunification . 
The carrier stopped short of saying it would n't at some point reconsider participating in any new bid for UAL . 
At the end of it all , the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 3.69 to 2659.22 . 
Other admen , however , say rates could rise later if ad spending surges . 
The company said it is n't making a commitment to purchase a specific number of shares . 
We suspect that Justice will some day agree that only the complete repeal of RICO can guarantee an end to injustices in its name . 
He says the number of automobile choices is causing stress among consumers today , and that people will simply ignore new models that lack a well-defined image . 
Such concerns , however , have n't stopped asset-backed securities from becoming one of Wall Street 's hottest new products . 
Betty Raptopoulos , senior metals analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities in New York , agreed that most of the selling was of a technical nature . 
Helmsley 's insurance premiums are expected to be transferred to several different insurance brokerage companies . 
The worm also looks for elementary passwords that confer more privileges on the user . 
To me , this calls into question the validity of the Rowland-Molina theory and hence the whole chlorofluorocarbons replacement effort . 
The company said Carol Cable , based in Pawtucket , R.I. , is a leading supplier of electrical and electronic wire and cable for the distributor , retail and original equipment manufacturer markets . 
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset . 
It has said it hopes to control 5 % of jewelry business in the U.S. by 1992 ; currently it controls about 2 % . 
He also lets workers vent steam through an elaborate grievance procedure and , as a perk , fly free in empty cockpit seats . 
All have a fiveyear earnings growth rate of more than 20 % a year . 
`` Non-smoking should be established as the norm of social behavior '' around the world , the editorial says , through the enactment of laws that limit advertising , boost tobacco prices and promote anti-smoking education . 
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime-time shows . 
Sam Albert , a consultant in Scarsdale , N.Y. , said that in the past IBM has developed broad software strategies only for problems that crossed industry lines . 
National says it agreed to acquire Krysalis 's assets and will start shipping commercial quantities of its first chips , including a 4-kilobit memory , next year . 
The partnership , which had solicited takeover offers , said it failed to receive any adequate bids for all of its operations but is reviewing offers for individual properties . 
The company said it expects sales to improve due to a number of new products , including a `` pump '' basketball shoe that can be inflated to better fit the foot . 
`` Deep Peace '' also featured a slide show of lovely but predictable images of clouds , beaches , deserts , sunsets , etc . 
The carrier also seemed eager to place blame on its American counterparts . 
Last month , Paribas 's archrival , Cie . Financiere de Suez , won a battle for Groupe Victoire , France 's second-largest private-sector insurer , which itself had just acquired West Germany 's Colonia Versicherung AG . 
\* Includes $ 1.29 billion extraordinary charge . 
The balance-sheet detail was opposed by many banks and thrifts that felt the cost of supplying such data was n't worth the value of the disclosures . 
But as many as 12,000 people marched in East Berlin after the speech to protest his election . 
Mr. Paul says that at one point he did indeed have eight or nine of the paintings at home and that the rest were in storage at Sotheby 's . 
By providing workers with the opportunity to move into the private sector where wages tend to be higher , and by holding out the promise of more consumer goods , Mr. Gorbachev hopes to revive the popularity of the party . 
The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market . 
The size and pace of disbursements will accelerate further under the Brady Plan , which promises larger and earlier disbursements to approved countries . 
In the aftermath of the Beijing massacre on June 4 , economists advanced wildly divergent views on how Hong Kong would be affected . 
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death . 
Bond Corp. 's shares closed Friday before news of the results at 28 Australian cents a share , up one Australian cent . 
In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , `` I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . '' 
However , when negotiations bogged down recently , WCRS 's chief executive , Peter Scott , met in Paris with another French firm , Boulet Dru Dupuy Petit , or BDDP . 
This is no idle fear last year the FHA lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults . 
Mr. Noriega became an even greater threat in 1976 , when U.S. intelligence services discovered that he had been buying recordings of electronically monitored conversations from three sergeants working for the U.S. Army 's 470th Military Intelligence Group . 
Patrick J . Early , president of Amoco Corp. 's oil-production unit , says that despite recent stability , he plans continued tightening of costs and exploration spending . 
`` He asked me not to resign . 
The split was aimed at boosting the stock 's liquidity , said Brendan Barba , chairman of the Moonachie , N.J. , maker of plastic film products . 
About 11,000 shares sold at $ 170 on the bell , representing about eight to 10 late orders , the specialists estimate . 
Meanwhile , NBC Sports recently began `` Scores Plus , '' a year-round , 24-hour 900 line providing a complex array of scores , analysis and fan news . 
Other companies figure they ca n't avoid the market . 
For example , if a company posted a loss of $ 100 million from buy-out interest payments , the existing rule would allow the concern to be able to receive a refund from the tax it paid from 1986 through 1989 , when it may have been a profitable public company . 
Mercedes-Benz of North America Inc. , Grosse Pointe Shores , Mich. , estimated it will sell about as many cars in 1990 as the 75,000 it expects to deliver this year . 
Revenue more than doubled to $ 2.62 billion from $ 1.29 billion . 
Analyst Robin Young of John Kinnard & Co. , Minneapolis , calls himself `` the last remaining bull on the stock . '' 
Speculation about a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in the past six weeks . 
But the advance faltered as index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over . 
The consolidated firm , which would rank among the 10 largest in Texas , would operate under the name Jackson & Walker . 
If any nation can use environmentally benign architecture , it is Poland . 
But some analysts contend K mart has agreed to pay too much for Pace . 
Surely not to people with epilepsy who depend on the same levels of medication in their bloodstream daily to maintain seizure control . 
Public preference is important , So product names should match up , And firms that find they 're lagging behind Should now take steps to ketchup ! 
Several outfits -- including the Financial Programs , Franklin , and T. Rowe Price mutual-fund groups and the Edward D. Jones brokerage house -- are advertising `` college planner '' tables and charts that tell you how much you need to put aside regularly . 
Macmillan Inc. said it plans a public offering of 8.4 million shares of its Berlitz International Inc. unit at $ 19 to $ 21 a share . 
All of this comes ahead of the government 's big quarterly refunding of the federal debt , which takes place sometime in November . 
Conservatives , embarrassed by Republican influence-peddling scandals at the Department of Housing and Urban Development , have used the issue in an effort to shift blame onto a Democratic-controlled Congress . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Some of the allegations are simply bizarre . 
Panamanian dictator Torrijos , he was told , had granted the shah of Iran asylum in Panama as a favor to Washington . 
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah . 
Whether desirable or not , this is a child-care program , not an educational program . 
On the afternoon of Oct. 17 , after hours of haggling with five insurance-claims adjusters over settling a toxic-waste suit , four lawyers had an agreement in hand . 
Net for the oil-field services and electronic measurements and systems concern rose to $ 114.2 million , or 48 cents a share , from $ 112.2 million , or 42 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` If the 1980s were a decade of consumption , the '90s will be the investment decade , '' Mr. Andersson says . 
That system has worked . 
`` I can tell you that nobody quit over it . 
General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division said it is offering $ 750 cash incentives on all 1990 models of its full-size Blazer and Suburban truck lines . 
`` It depends on what happens . 
Whatever he plays , Mr. McDuffie finds satisfaction in the music itself -- `` something greater out there than me , '' as he puts it during an interview at the Manhattan apartment he shares with wife , Camille , a literary publicist . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , American Home Products rose 75 cents to $ 105 on Friday . 
For the nine months , losses totaled $ 212 million , or $ 10.83 a share , compared with net income of $ 48.7 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
Flags fly at half-staff for the death of Bart Giamatti , the late baseball commissioner , and now the Bay Bridge lies in ruins . 
The Service figures at least half of the money taken in should be spent on program . 
The department has collected over $ 6.5 million from brokers so far and recommended more than 30 of them for criminal prosecution . 
Pressed on the matter , he is more specific . 
Lloyd 's overblown bureaucracy also hampers efforts to update marketing strategies . 
`` People should remember their money is n't all or nothing -- they do n't need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it , '' says Bethesda , Md. , adviser Karen Schaeffer . 
Emergency measures would be introduced to ease the country 's financial crisis , notably its $ 200 billion budget deficit . 
Both ads were designed by Omnicom 's DDB Needham agency . 
The rapidly flashing return signals from excited hydrogen atoms in the blood give a `` stop-motion '' movie of the blood-filled vessel , ( like the `` stop-motion '' seen in disco dancers when a strobe light is flashing ) . 
But the latest mutual fund performance figures do show what can happen when the going gets rough . 
In the immediate postwar years , the Rothschilds concentrated on rebuilding their other European operations , delaying their return to Frankfurt . 
Commercial vegetables , led by lettuce and tomatoes , rose 19 % in October ; oranges and other fruits rose 5 % . 
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission sued New York state for age discrimination against appointed state judges . 
Some of our sources in Thailand say the notorious old Khmer Rouge leader , Pol Pot , has been holed up this summer in Khmer Rouge camps near the Thai-Cambodian border . 
In the real estate sector , Mitsui Real Estate Development was up 100 at 2,760 , and Mitsubishi Estate gained 80 to 2,360 . 
You see , Marshall had this thing about the Navy and the Marines -- he wanted to make them part of the Army but Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal blocked him . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading Friday , Conseco closed at $ 19.50 , down 25 cents . 
In the past year , both have tried to stretch the limits of their businesses . 
In addition to owning HBO , with 22 million subscribers , Time Warner separately operates cable-TV system serving about 5.6 million cable-TV subscribers . 
Lawmakers often are reluctant to embarrass colleagues , even those of opposing political parties . 
But regulators this week said futures-exchange officials still have a way to go before they answer all the remaining detailed questions about the contract . 
For all of 1988 , Dumez had group profit of 452 million francs after payment to minority interests . 
More than one-third of the responding businesses said they suffer from drug dealing and loitering near their premises . 
Volume totaled 173.5 million shares , 30 % above this year 's average daily turnover on Nasdaq . 
Dragging Prop. 13 into this story is a pretty long stretch . 
Back to Somalia : 
`` Three of our favorite names , '' Mr. Della Femina calls that roster , adding hopefully , `` We 're a much more attractive agency to large multinationals today than we were yesterday . '' 
To make matters worse , the lone nomination came from another bureaucrat : A woman from the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance who nominated her boss . 
Homestake Mining Co. , San Francisco , blamed the continued slump in gold prices for an 83 % plunge in third-quarter net income to $ 2 million , or two cents a share , from $ 11.2 million , or 12 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The debentures are convertible into common stock at $ 25 a share , representing a 24 % conversion premium over Thursday 's closing price . 
At Hewlett-Packard Co. , the earthquake came just as the company was reviewing its own emergency procedures . 
Mr. Rubenstein said the five , who were n't on Shea & Gould 's management committee , `` are leaving on good terms . '' 
Doubts about the quality of state credit guarantees could reduce the competitive strength of Finnish companies in world markets where financing often is the key to winning orders , analysts warn . 
Pasquale Pignatelli , an unlikely but enthusiastic pipe major in an Essex County Irish bagpipe band , speaks sadly of Mr. Florio . 
Both of these mines are normally major suppliers of copper to Japan , which has been buying copper on the world market . 
The group 's Mark Cahoon says its efforts begun in 1989 have led to the introduction of bills in Massachusetts , Minnesota and Colorado to establish evenhanded procedures affecting all kinds of taxpayers . 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said a computer virus has infected one of its networks and is spreading anti-nuclear messages related to its Galileo space probe , which is to be launched today . 
The staff brags about psyllium 's hefty contribution to American regularity , without quite grasping the implications of the research on cholesterol . 
Traders who had bought the goods at prices above the ceiling do n't want to take a loss on resales and are holding onto their stock . 
While he packed the Senate gallery with his supporters during some of the impeachment trial , most civil rights groups kept their distance from his case . 
The Red and White Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service to and from Marin County , and tourist tours of the bay , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip . 
Pension reserves , on the other hand , made up a relatively small part of household assets until the last decade , when they skyrocketed . 
The project has been in and out of the pipeline for more than a decade . 
They still are . 
`` You are mad because he 's making so much money , '' say President Reagan 's defenders . 
Contact lenses , tank tops , prostitutes openly working the streets of Hollywood and the Tequila Sunrise cocktail all seem out of place in the 1950s . 
Analysts estimate that sales of the two businesses could raise roughly $ 2 billion . 
But many of these stocks have now become expensive . 
Markets -- 
The company unveiled more than 50 products , mostly software , that are designed to integrate the three areas of a manufacturing operation -- the plant floor , design operations and production planning . 
It 's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government , but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear . 
Her sister , Cynthia , wishes Toni had a different job . 
Sales growth in the quarter was slowed by mounting pressure from groups of buyers , such as hospitals , to hold down prices . 
How was the West won ? 
In addition , a second Part B premium to cover the cost of the new program of insurance against catastrophic illness will rise to $ 4.90 a month from $ 4 , if Congress does n't change the program . 
There are no plans to initiate a common stock dividend , Mr. Johnson said , explaining that the board continues to believe shareholders are best served by reinvesting excess cash . 
Digital , Maynard , Mass. , insisted yesterday that its marketing focus would differ sharply from IBM 's . 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , up 0.25 ; 1.8340 marks , up 0.0040 . 
It may also expedite the SEC 's modest pending changes in junk-bond disclosure rules and intensify the Treasury 's look at plans for giving new tax breaks on dividends and raising taxes on short-term trades by pension funds . 
These include , among other parts , each jetliner 's two major bulkheads , a pressure floor , torque box , fixed leading edges for the wings and an aft keel beam . 
`` We ca n't police the many organizations that have sprung up in the last few years using part of our name . 
It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . 
The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one-time payment from a `` foreign entity . '' 
There , amid oil paintings and marble tables , massages are administered every Wednesday . 
Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Malcolm Forbes , publisher of Forbes magazine ( `` We've been in the columns together '' ) , Mary Boone , a New York art dealer ( `` I think she knows me , but I 'm not sure '' ) and Bridget Fonda , the actress ( `` She knows me , but we 're not really the best of friends '' ) . 
Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C . 
The sales are an attempt to quell investor concern about Black & Decker 's increased debt burden from the Emhart purchase . 
`` Those who manage ideology and a large number of writers reacted badly '' to the restyled paper , says Lai Nguyen An , a literary critic . 
Such preferences persist even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing . 
In Tokyo , the Nikkei index added 99.14 to 35585.52 . 
What makes a person buy an oil well from some stranger knocking on the screen door ? 
If that attitude lasts , it could infuse covert action planning with a level of care and confidence that has n't been seen in years . 
`` The trappings of success go a long way -- wearing the right clothes , doing the right things , '' says Paul Andreassen , an associate professor of psychology at Harvard . 
He was brought to the company in September 1988 after 15 years at Los Angeles-based First Interstate Bancorp . 
Of the $ 4.4 billion spent so far on the program , 60 % is going for administrative costs , management and research , the Office of Technology Assessment just reported . 
The leaders expressed support for trying to revive the bid following a briefing Wednesday by the union 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Paul , Weiss , Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
Golenbock , with 35 lawyers , has lost several partners during the past year . 
The lawsuit alleges that an inventory of Pinkerton 's memorabilia disclosed that one of the watches had n't been forked over by American Brands . 
Richard D. Sutton , 64 years old , chairman of this bank-holding company , was named acting president and chief executive officer of the company and its First National Bank of Toms River subsidiary . 
He would have got a lot more done if he made up his mind faster . '' 
The television element of `` La Familia '' includes a series of two-minute informational features to air seven days a week on the Spanish-language Univision network , a unit of Univision Holdings Inc. , which is 80%-owned by Hallmark Cards Inc . 
Declining issues on the Big Board were ahead of gainers , 1,012 to 501 . 
Opponents of the increase argue that the IMF practices central planning while supporting ineffective governments . 
z - Not available . 
Axa has agreed to acquire Farmers from Sir James 's investment vehicle , Hoylake Investments Ltd. , for $ 4.5 billion plus a $ 1 billion investment in Hoylake . 
The characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a `` middle way '' between the extremes of success and failure , wealth and poverty . 
In early trading in Tokyo Tuesday , the Nikkei index rose 1.08 points to 35586.60 . 
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs . 
The officials said this meeting `` put in motion '' procedural steps that would speed up both of these functions , but that no specific decisions were taken on either matter . 
In Humphrey Bogart 's nightclub , Victor Laszlo leads Free French sympathizers in `` La Marseillaise '' to drown out the Nazis . 
The latter provision is `` legally unprecedented , '' said Alan B. Morrison , a public interest lawyer in Washington , D.C. , who is challenging the plan on behalf of 900 claimants . 
Just last month , a Bank of New York subsidiary agreed to buy the credit-card operation of Dreyfus Corp. 's Dreyfus Consumer Bank for $ 168 million , a transaction that is expected to be completed by the end of the year . 
At this stage some people just `` walk away '' from homes where the mortgage exceeds current market value . 
The increase is noted in the brokerage firm 's latest proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Mr. Guttman told one person familiar with the New York exchanges during the search for a replacement that he was looking for a president who would be `` responsive to the needs of the membership and the board . '' 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Across the country , resorts are using everything from fireworks to classical-music concerts to attract new customers . 
It is providing $ 50 million in emergency financing to the company and has agreed to buy as much as $ 75 million in receivables from B. Altman & Co. and Bonwit Teller , L.J. Hooker 's two fully owned department-store chains . 
Moreover , a recent government report showing widespread layoffs in manufacturing had contributed to perceptions that the manufacturing sector of the economy had slowed to a crawl . 
WHEN JAMES SCHWARTZ was just a lad his father gave him a piece of career advice . 
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents . 
Avondale asked Travelers to defend it in the state proceeding , but the insurer did n't respond . 
Tandy had 86.3 million shares outstanding at Sept. 30 , down from 90 million a year earlier . 
Mr. Quinlan , 30 years old , knew he carried a damaged gene , having lost an eye to the rare tumor when he was only two months old -- after his mother had suffered the same fate when she was a baby . 
Partly because the 1987 market crash made it harder for them to find financing , many high-technology concerns have made such alliances recently . 
Mr. Paul , for his part , defends the Rubens price , saying a lot of the experts have never seen the thing itself . 
PNC Financial 
Mr. Kossuth was vice president and director , corporate finance , of Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Inc. , a Toronto investment dealer . 
Under those amendments , which took effect in March of this year , the federal government can intervene in private housing-discrimination lawsuits . 
Profit from continuing operations in the year-earlier period was $ 402.7 million . 
But professionals said throughout the day that the shutdown would n't be a cause for alarm even if it were to persist for several days . 
Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the `` cosmic paradox '' of life : Jupiter and other bodies in the outer solar system are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on Earth , but these planets are lifeless ; Earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material but is rich in life . 
So it should come as no shock that the profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people whose principal talents seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients ' money . 
Sales increased 10 % to $ 26.54 billion from $ 24.05 billion . 
Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six-foot , one-inch musician made the right choice . 
If the ships are n't delivered , however , it will likely have an effect on the company 's earnings as soon as the 1990 fiscal year , which begins Dec. 1 . 
The occasional media witch hunt about some politician 's private peccadilloes notwithstanding , the general inclination is to offer a version of the old refrain , `` Who am I to judge ? '' 
Many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up contingency offices in safe regions , hoping they can transport employees there and resume operations quickly . 
Imports from Canada rose to 272,000 tons in August from 209,000 in July . 
They dropped 0.4 % as dealers continued to offer rebates to attract customers . 
NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORP. , Santa Clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 1.65 billion , NYSE , said it had no major structural damage at its 30 Bay-area buildings , but two workers were injured . 
Much of the recent slide in Dun & Bradstreet 's stock came late last week , after negative comments by analysts at Merrill Lynch & Co. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Coastal would n't disclose the terms . 
But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not high employment and rapid growth but is inflation . 
Although Wang will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 and the full fiscal year , Mr. Miller says he expects the company will return to profitability by the fourth quarter . 
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances . 
Successful American business owners do the same thing . 
WHEN Catherine Bobar spent several weeks at the Medical Center of Vermont recently with a bone infection in her toe , she shared a room just like most patients . 
Although one transportation official said drivers who did n't use car pools were committing `` an anti-social act , '' about two-thirds of the motorists crossing the Golden Gate were alone , compared with the normal 70 % rate . 
Dan J. Hartwell , 41 , executive vice president of Bank One , Dover , was named president and chief executive of the Dover bank , succeeding Mr. Pissocra . 
A Boise-Cascade spokesman referred to a speech by Chairman John Fery , in which he said that markets generally are stable , although some risk of further price deterioration exists . 
The offering , with an expected average life of 3.2 years , will float monthly at 20 basis points above the rate on an index of 30-day double-A-rated commercial paper , which now yields about 8.50 % . 
Battelle 's Mr. McCall thinks steelmakers should concentrate more on construction . 
Instead , this official said , `` This is vintage George Bush . 
Tom Mongan 
`` It has made people think twice about how they use music and is forcing them to be more circumspect about doing a particular rendition of a song in its most famous form , '' he said . 
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ? 
As for corn and soybean futures , `` a lot of commission house buying this morning and computer-driven buying '' supported prices in early trading , said Steven Freed , a futures analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. in Chicago . 
Over the past two years , the Fed has given a handful of banks ' securities affiliates permission to underwrite and deal in a variety of corporate , asset-backed and municipal securities that had previously been the sole domain of securities firms . 
Like other large Valley companies , Intel also noted that it has factories in several parts of the nation , so that a breakdown at one location should n't leave customers in a total pinch . 
IBM can obviously bring its expertise to bear on problems related to computer manufacturing , but it could also help customers on software to deal with such things as changes in engineering documents . 
But some analysts remain sour on the company . 
His board members alone have pledged $ 800,000 and he is just beginning to massage local foundations and corporations . 
What 's in a name ? 
At the same time , he must give it sufficient freedom to provide the economic benefits so desperately needed . 
They are useful to call public attention to grievances , but they have little value in educating anyone about the issues in dispute . 
He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple `` hits '' on cancer suppressor genes , because it often seems to develop in stages . 
Calls to Shelly Schwab , president of MCA TV , were n't returned . 
Shell eased 1 to 416 on turnover of 4.8 million shares . 
The scandal has faded and flared , but recent disclosures propelled it back onto the front pages , and that has helped galvanize the opposition , which last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills . 
Mr. Cole said the sale of the 77-year Financial Times , which Southam has owned since 1961 , is consistent with Southam 's strategy of cutting costs to obtain maximum profits from its operations while disposing of `` chronically under-performing '' assets . 
Mr. Oriani said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times , as some scientists have suggested . 
GE executives were accused by U.S. prosecutors of providing `` misleading and false '' data to the Pentagon in 1985 to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices . 
The plastic lens wraps itself over the cornea , absorbing eye moisture while permitting oxygen to pass through . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. is trying to struggle back . 
Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal care businesses , which include such well-known brands as Colgate toothpaste and Fab laundry detergent , jumped more than 40 % , the company said . 
The zero-coupon bonds were priced to yield to maturity from 6.25 % in 1994 to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 . 
Ms. Sinatra sued over the use of her `` These Boots are Made for Walkin ' '' song in the ad . 
Capital Cities-ABC surged 42 5\/8 to 560 . 
All of the changes will reduce its overhead and streamline operations , Boeing said . 
Meredith Corp. is launching a new service to offer advertisers package deals combining its book , magazine and videocassette products . 
`` This deal is like a Roach Motel , '' he said . 
This would be consistent with its unwavering support for the Brady Plan and G-7 exchange-rate intervention , and with its financial commitment to Mexico , Poland and others . 
October employment data -- also could turn out to be the most confusing . 
The plan still calls for LIN to combine its cellular telephone properties with BellSouth 's and to spin off its broadcasting operations . 
The Turkish refugee tragedy and the ongoing crisis can not be ignored and shuttled off to that notorious dustbin of history that has become so convenient recently . 
One floor trader noted in astonishment that nobody seemed to mind the news that British Airways is n't making a special effort to revive the UAL buy-out . 
`` I wish they were around 24 hours a day . '' 
In yesterday 's composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Louisiana-Pacific shares closed at $ 39.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
Alan Smith , president of Marks & Spencer North America and Far East , says that Brooks Brothers ' focus is to boost sales by broadening its merchandise assortment while keeping its `` traditional emphasis . '' 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Philip Morris shares closed yesterday at $ 43.50 each , down $ 1 . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.55 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
The plan was complete except for finishing touches , and there was talk that it would be unveiled as early as yesterday . 
GenProbe had a net loss of $ 9.5 million on revenue of $ 5.8 million . 
O&Y , owned by Toronto 's Reichmann family , is also supervising major restructuring and refinancing of Campeau , a Toronto-based real estate and retailing company . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
French consumer prices rose 0.2 % in September from August , according to provisional estimates by the National Statistics Institute . 
The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined ( 30 hours a week versus 25.3 ) . 
At the San Mateo Bridge , which connects the San Francisco peninsula with the East Bay , police were surprised at the speed with which traffic moved . 
DEC said its overseas business , which now accounts for more than half of sales , improved in the quarter . 
The standard capital appreciation bonds in the issue , due 1998-2011 , yield to maturity from 6.70 % in 1998 to 7.10 % in 2009-2011 . 
The letter , along with a detailed prosecution memo , sat on the desks of Justice officials for months before the case died a quiet death . 
The publisher was able to register soaring quarter net income because of a onetime gain on the sale of its cable-TV system . 
Yet some lawyers point to Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Medtronic , Inc. , the patent infringement case the Supreme Court this month agreed to review , as an example of poor legal reasoning by judges who lack patent litigation experience . 
NEC wo n't release its code , and every one of the dozen or so makers has its own proprietary operating system -- all incompatible with each other . 
`` We do n't feel we can use { the devices } routinely in surgery yet , but we 're getting close , '' says Dr. Levy , who is now with the University of Pittsburgh . 
It finished at 467.22 , down 3.45 . 
The statistical bureau 's report , cited in China Daily , notes that industrial output in September totaled $ 29.4 billion , a rise of just 0.9 % from a year earlier . 
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers . 
Car sales slackened in September after the 1990 models were introduced . 
`` We have no further developments to report , '' he said . 
Mr. Roman also had overseen Ogilvy Group 's two other units , the Scali McCabe Sloves advertising agency and its research division , but those units will now report directly to WPP . 
At a nationally televised legislative session in Budapest , the Parliament overwhelmingly approved changes formally ending one-party domination in the country , regulating free elections by next summer and establishing the office of state president to replace a 21-member council . 
The two major structures that failed Tuesday night , he said , were both built well before the 1971 earthquake -- the San Francisco Bay Bridge , completed in the 1930s , and the section of I-880 , built in the 1950s . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters had agreed to extend their Warner agreement with the new five-year exclusive contract . 
In five years , Petronas , which became the dominant shareholder in a 1984 rescue exercise , has spent about M$ 3.5 billion to prop up the troubled bank . 
Medical-supply houses are expected to report earnings increases of about 15 % on average for the third quarter , despite sales increases of less than 10 % , analysts say . 
Abortion foes in Wisconsin , meanwhile , expect a parental-consent bill to be sent to the state assembly floor by early November and are hopeful of prevailing in both houses by next March . 
General Dynamics appealed to the high court , backed by numerous business trade groups , arguing that the appeals court definition restricts the defense too severely . 
But they must also assign a price to each of these items as well as to floors , wallcoverings , roofing and siding , to come up with a total value for a house . 
Based on his control of about 45 % of Winnebago 's 24.7 million shares , his annual dividend income would be cut to about $ 2.2 million from $ 4.4 million . 
Britain 's Monopolies and Mergers Commission Wednesday cleared Rhone-Poulenc S.A. 's purchase of a specialty bulk-chemical unit from Monsanto Co. , saying the purchase was unlikely to have any lasting impact on U.K. industrial consumers . 
`` We would n't have had to refinance if a lot of the problems had n't been there , '' Mr. Wathen says . 
But by 1992 , he added , Nissan will build one million vehicles a year outside Japan , or sufficient to equal exports . 
But Darman suggests such tensions will dissipate quickly . 
There is a fundamental conflict between providing a subsidy and maintaining the integrity of a credit program . 
Mrs. Marcos had claimed that she did n't have to turn over the documents because she was brought here involuntarily and because providing the materials would violate her marital privilege . 
It 's the same phenomenon used in the new MRI ( magnetic resonance imaging ) scanners being used in hospitals in place of X-ray scans . 
Some town-watching excursions were downright comic . 
'' Folk doctors also prescribe it for kidney , bladder and urethra problems , duodenal ulcers and hemorrhoids . 
A machinist official said that would depend on how much in concessions machinists would have to give in return for the majority stake . 
Business and civic operations lurched back toward normalcy here as congressional officials estimated that the price tag for emergency assistance to earthquake-ravaged California would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft-spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record . 
She was the only staff physician available to treat AIDS patients last summer and now she has the help of only two doctors part time . 
Some conservatives say Mr. Bush should n't make the trip , during which he will participate in Costa Rica 's celebration of 100 years of democracy . 
Computer picking is n't perfect , '' says Harvey Golomb , president and founder of Pinpoint . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Morrison gained $ 2.25 to $ 44.125 . 
But experts caution that this is n't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet . 
The `` anti-hooligan '' law , which would deprive troublemakers of cards , must be ratified by the House of Lords and is expected to become effective early next year . 
Besides creating joint manufacturing ventures , the accord is expected to give GM about a 15 % stake that eventually would rise to about 30 % . 
But under the bank 's proposed statutes , an assembly of shareholders must approve board members . 
Even the Office of Management and Budget is remembered with an extra $ 1 million to help offset pay costs that other government departments are being asked to absorb . 
He has been a Bearings director since 1985 . 
Paper companies concede that business has been off recently . 
Instead , the creditors say , the loan fell victim to nervousness about China 's political turmoil , as well as to concern about the loan 's security . 
Would n't the Japanese like a piece of it ? 
While he did n't describe the partnerships ' financial condition , he said their operations `` continue to drain the resources of Equitec . '' 
In the multipart offering , the company sold a portion of secured notes but shelved all the unsecured notes . 
`` We have the worst lease in the NFL , '' contends Michael B. McCaskey , the president of the Chicago Bears and a grandson of George Halas , who founded the NFL 's predecessor organization . 
The CBOE opened for business on April 26 , 1973 , in what had been a Board of Trade lunchroom . 
Administration officials traveling with President Bush in Costa Rica interpreted Mr. Ortega 's wavering as a sign that he is n't responding to the military attacks so much as he is searching for ways to strengthen his hand prior to the elections . 
The outbreaks were traced to staphylococcus aureus , a type of bacteria that produces a toxin capable of surviving the high temperatures used in canning vegetables . 
This seems to be the season for revivals in Chicago . 
HealthVest , an Austin , Texas , real estate investment trust , said that Chemical Bank , the lead bank under its domestic bank agreement , told it that if $ 3.3 million owed to the bank group is n't paid by today , the group will call the $ 120 million that HealthVest has outstanding under the credit line . 
They were appalled , for instance , that he wanted to target more of the $ 3 billion Community Development Block Grant ( CDBG ) program to low-income projects and zero out the notorious `` discretionary '' funds that have allowed HUD officials to steer contracts to political cronies . 
More than ever , independent magazines and small publishing groups are being gobbled up by larger publishing groups , such as American Express Publishing Corp. , a unit of American Express Co. , and Conde Nast Publications Inc. , a unit of Advance Publications Inc. , which are consolidating in order to gain leverage with advertisers . 
The Irish-Soviet aviation connection is alive and well here at Shannon Airport . 
The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices . 
By and large , Mr. Dinkins has finessed the touchy question of whose ox he would gore . 
Mr. McElroy , 54 years old , will remain president and chief executive officer of the unit . 
`` Jon Peters will come barreling into a room , say he 's got a great idea , and be gone . 
Beverly Hills , Calif. -- $ 116,385,000 of refunding certificates of participation ( civic center improvements project ) , due 1990-2004 , 2007 , 2016 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.19 % in 2016 . 
`` We 're in a metro area with millions of Bear fans , and only a small number can be accommodated . '' 
Her idea : bring in live zoo animals . 
In January , the New York Merc signed a letter of intent with the Chicago Merc as a preliminary step to joining their electronic system called Globex . 
Separately , Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered its ratings on Valley National Corp. 's senior debt to double-B from double-B-plus , affecting about $ 300 million of long-term debt . 
The proprietor of Sante West , an aerobics studio in San Francisco 's Marina district , which was hit hard by the earthquake , says , `` People were going nuts the minute we opened , '' three days after the quake . 
4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , and eventual forfeiture , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant ; will not seek through use of the relation-back doctrine to take from third parties assets legitimately transferred to them ; will not seek to vitiate legitimate business transactions occurring between the defendant and third parties ; and will , in all other respects , assist the court in ensuring that the rights of third parties are protected , through proceeding under { RICO } and otherwise . 
The redemption then would be at 1.5 % of the total debt , increasing to 2.5 % in February 1991 , and to 3 % at six-month intervals thereafter . 
It comes up with a toned-down version of a Democratic proposal . 
First Interstate stock closed at $ 57.625 , down 25 cents , in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Arizona Instrument Corp. said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 600,000 , or 25 cents to 27 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 214,000 , or 10 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But less than two years later , the LDP started to crumble , and dissent rose to unprecedented heights . 
The plastic resin is used in a wide range of products , including siding , pipe and electrical wire insulation . 
Market Order : This is probably the most widely used order -- and the one most open to abuse by unscrupulous floor brokers , since it imposes no price restrictions . 
Dunkin ' Donuts , based in Randolph , Mass. , previously said it would explore `` alternatives , '' including a leveraged buy-out of the company , but had n't set a date for submission of proposals . 
For example , the proposed overhaul of prices -- an extremely sensitive political topic -- is far more precise than the vague plans announced by Mr. Gorbachev in 1987 and later dropped . 
The success of `` Batibot '' stands in marked contrast to many academic and government attempts to promote Filipino as a national language . 
The company 's third-quarter earnings also rose to 10 cents a share from eight cents a share a year ago . 
These campaign problems have echoed difficulties Mr. Dinkins has run into before . 
On Asia-Pacific prosperity : `` If America can keep up the present situation -- her markets open for another 15 years , with adjustments , and Japan can grow and not cut back , and so too , Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore , ASEAN , Australia and New Zealand -- then in 15 years , the economies of these countries would be totally restructured to be able to almost sustain growth by themselves . '' 
The bridge normally carries 250,000 commuters a day . 
In late afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8415 marks and 142.85 yen compared with 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen late Monday . 
`` It has never been done before , but there 's always a first . 
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed . 
Behind the silly posturing lies a real dispute . 
So far , money managers and other bond buyers have n't shown much interest in the Refcorp bonds . 
Now , sterilized intervention may have some effect . 
Mr. Jones has been taking prospective suite owners onto the field during practice to let them rub elbows with players , and promises those who actually buy one of the rooms an insider 's look at the team 's strategy before game time . 
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. lost its second recent arbitration case involving a former bond-trading executive . 
Ironically , the long-term effect of the earthquake may be to bolster the Bay area 's economic fortunes and , indeed , the nation 's gross national product . 
Mr. Milgrim succeeds David Berman , who resigned last month . 
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re-establish control in Eastern Europe . 
The Bear Stearns order that marked the late-day turnaround caused a `` massive buying effort '' as UAL jumped $ 20 a share to $ 170 in the last half hour , said Mr. Bates . 
Mr. Bush has struck a deal with congressional leaders to provide nonlethal aid to the Contras until Nicaragua holds national elections next February . 
`` But he may not have a choice . '' 
Output in the energy sector , which can vary greatly with swings in the oil market , rose 3.8 % in August from May but was down 7.1 % from a year earlier . 
Broward County School District , Fla. -- $ 185 million of school district general obligation bonds , Series 1989 , due 1991-1999 and 2008 , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.20 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2008 . 
`` We are considering that offer along with all other alternatives , '' the trust spokeswoman said . 
To offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been cutting staff , mostly through attrition , and slowing the growth in research and development spending . 
`` We 're finally getting -- and it 's been very painful -- some understanding of what the company 's long-term horizon should begin to look like , '' Mr. Eidsmo says . 
Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Co. and Founders Asset Management Inc. also cut off brokerage firms that engage in program trading . 
In a letter to the federation , Raymond Campion , Exxon 's environmental coordinator , said : `` Recent public actions by you regarding the Valdez oil spill have failed to demonstrate any sense of objectivity or fairness . '' 
At Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , they are `` financial consultants . '' 
Bay , which has substantial investments in the floundering Massachusetts market , reported a loss of $ 62 million , or $ 15.97 a share , for the fiscal year ended June 30 . 
At this week 's U.N. conference in Lausanne , they imposed a global ivory ban that seeks to overturn local policies . 
But the U.S. companies are redoubling their efforts . 
Plaintiffs , he says , will argue that damaged structures were n't built to proper design standards . 
On her husband 's 50th birthday ( after an auspicious 23 years of marriage , it should be noted ) , Betsy , Al and their college-bound son set out for New York to visit Fordham University . 
As Mr. Roderick once said : `` We 're a two-product company and , boy , if you ca n't figure out the value of those two parts , you are so damn dumb that you do n't belong on Wall Street . '' 
Sentences have been stiff . 
In an already low-profitmargin business , commodity brokerage firms may well decide to eliminate the risk and expense of dealing with the retail public , depriving the private individual of access to the markets . 
The four-page news summary will be aimed at readers outside Canada or in Canadian locations where the national daily is n't available on the day of publication . 
`` It 's Russian . 
Short-term municipal bonds , bond funds and tax-deferred annuities are some of the choices they mention -- and not just as a way to get a higher return . 
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co . 
The Task Broker differs from other programs that spread computing tasks around a network . 
Sometimes they are constructive , but often not . 
The spokesman refused to comment on speculation that Industrial Equity might use its interest as a platform to launch a hostile bid for the company . 
According to industry lawyers , the ruling gives pipeline companies an important second chance to resolve remaining disputes and take advantage of the cost-sharing mechanism . 
The adjacent tables show the issues in which a short interest position of at least 50,000 shares existed as of Oct. 13 or in which there was a short position change of at least 25,000 shares since Sept. 15 ( see accompanying tables -- WSJ Oct. 25 , 1989 ) . 
For the first time in 32 years , ferry service has been restored between the East Bay and San Francisco . 
The stock market 's woes spooked currency traders but prompted a quiet little party among bond investors . 
This will give Paribas and Lonrho joint control of Societe Commerciale . 
`` One of the three major markets in the world is getting chewed up pretty bad . '' 
But `` Friday did n't help things , '' says Mr. Schaefer . 
In the third quarter , wages and salaries in all private industry rose 1.2 % , compared with 1 % increases in both the second quarter and in the third quarter of 1988 . 
Fleet 's net was $ 96.4 million , or 86 cents a primary share , compared with $ 85.8 million , or 79 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` Graham Phillips has been there a long time , knows the culture well , is aggressive , and apparently gets along well with '' Mr. Sorrell , said Andrew Wallach , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert . 
Here are four key steps : 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Small-business interests have lobbied against the so-called Section 89 tax rules . 
It achieved a good media play , and enabled Sen. Specter and others to vote against Mr. Bork out of `` conscience . '' 
But record industry executives familiar with the talks said Mr. Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Mr. Azoff . 
The funds are in addition to $ 1.1 billion appropriated last month to assist in the recovery from Hugo , bringing the total for the two disasters to nearly $ 4 billion in unanticipated spending . 
The balance of short positions outstanding fell 159.7 billion yen , to 779.8 billion yen . 
Much of the family 's mystique remained . 
Ms. Garman could n't be reached for comment . 
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information . 
The Miami-based environmental engineering concern said GSX Chemical also will assume about $ 1.6 million in debt related to those divisions . 
Time Warner said its cable division turned in a 77 % increase in operating cash flow , to $ 166 million from $ 94 million , reflecting higher per-subscriber revenue . 
He adds that short-term comparisons `` can be very misleading because of differences in timing of marketing programs from year to year . '' 
But `` on a new car , a rebate does n't work well '' because it cheapens the vehicle 's image , contends Thomas D. Mignanelli , executive vice president of Nissan 's U.S. sales arm . 
At discount brokerage Charles Schwab & Co. , such `` cash-equivalent '' investments recently accounted for a record $ 8 billion of the firm 's $ 25 billion of client 's assets . 
The exclusion would apply to assets sold after Oct. 1 , 1989 . 
In the quarter , the Crum & Forster insurance unit reported $ 200 million before tax of capital gains from property and casualty operations . 
By 1973 , the U.S. was bringing in two million barrels of Arab oil a day , more than 10 % of the 17.3 million barrels consumed daily . 
Acadia Partners Limited Partnership , a Fort Worth , Texas , partnership that includes the Robert M. Bass Group , made the proposal . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal `` a step backward . '' 
`` It 's a question of timing , '' says Mayumi Takayama , managing director of international operations at Isetan Co. , a Tokyo department store . 
Its victories include more than $ 30 million in Sheraton Corp. business and an assignment from Dun & Bradstreet worth $ 5 million to $ 10 million . 
But , he adds , `` I was not acting as a messenger . '' 
That finding , the report says , casts doubt on the record industry 's contention that the new generation of digital recording equipment will inevitably lead to wholesale abuse of copyrighted material by home tapers . 
The number of workers in production sectors will be cut by 488 , to 5,200 by September . 
Thieves stole a 12th century fresco from an abandoned church in Camerino , Italy , by removing the entire wall on which the work had been painted , police said ... . 
He said he believes IBM 's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry showed that it was getting serious about understanding customers ' problems and was n't just selling technology . 
It aired 94.5 hours of mostly live events in Calgary -- helping raise ratings slightly from 1984 -- but still failed to deliver the audience promised to advertisers . 
Rather , `` It just shows things have changed . '' 
2 ) Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues ( programmatic actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that imposes costs and\/or confers benefits on the population at large ) and attending to local issues ( constituency service and pork barrel ) . 
In 17 central states , one small-business count shows lawmakers adopted only three of 46 bills mandating health coverage or parental leave . 
Graham Beale , manager of foreign-exchange operations at Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking Corp. in New York , added that Mrs. Thatcher 's comments reinforced the market 's growing confidence about sterling and compounded the unit 's later decline . 
Although it ultimately was n't offered to him , he will be on retainer to American Express as an adviser on international matters . 
In addition , the 1988 results included a $ 20 million charge reflecting a reserve for relocation related expenses at American Television & Communications Corp . 
This news raised hopes for further interest-rate cuts . 
David L. Koffman , president and chief executive officer of Jayark , holds about 40 % of Kofcoh , Jayark said . 
One DEA agent drew up a list of five options for dealing with Col. Noriega , one of which was assassination . 
The old guard had every right , however , to disdain the newcomers ' new ways of making money , such as greenmail . 
Comprehensive Care , which terminated its agreement to merge with First Hospital , dropped 7\/8 to 3 7\/8 . 
Jefferies , a Los Angeles holding company primarily engaged in securities trading , also said stock market declines since the quarter ended Sept. 30 created an unrealized pretax loss of about $ 6 million in its risk arbitrage account . 
While tape recordings to uncover , say , infidelity are n't admissible in court , they can mean leverage in a settlement . 
The reforms described above would provide a more limited , but clearer , safer and ultimately more useful role for government as a lender . 
The one exception to this recent trend was the defeat of 13 of the 52 freshman Republicans brought into office in 1980 by the Reagan revolution and running for re-election in 1982 . 
The Democratic appointee has n't been determined , the official said . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Despite many doubts about his candidacy , white New Yorkers -- who gave Mr. Dinkins 30 % of their votes in the primary -- are n't expected to desert in sufficient numbers to turn the election to Mr. Giuliani . 
Shortly after Texas Air took control of Eastern , some Machinists union supervisors received a 20 % pay raise . 
Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems . 
Whittle Communications Limited Partnership , Knoxville , Tenn. , will launch its first media property targeting Hispanic women . 
Douglas B. Evans 
Not everyone is worried , however . 
Earnings per share were 10.35 kronor compared with 5.80 kronor . 
Sales growth and profit in business products and systems -- Xerox 's main business -- were `` disappointing , '' said B. Alex Henderson , who follows the company for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
Reducing those rates moderately ( say , to 75 % ) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers . 
He said even though there was arbitrage buying in New York because of the weak dollar , cocoa fell to relentless pressure from bearish traders . 
Hercules dropped 2 5\/8 to 41 3\/4 on one million shares -- about six times its average daily trading volume -- after a disappointing third-quarter earnings report . 
Integrated senior and junior creditors are owed a total of about $ 1.8 billion . 
District Court Judge Pierre Leval denied the injunction on the ground that New Era had failed to make its claim within a reasonable time -- the doctrine lawyers call `` laches . '' 
On the $ 1.06 billion baseball agreement alone , CBS is likely to lose $ 250 million in four years , contends Mr. Wussler , the former CBS man , now at Comsat Inc . 
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th-century French chateau the agency somehow owns . 
Charles McCoy in San Francisco and John R. Emshwiller in Los Angeles contributed to this article . 
There were two general reasons for the mistaken monetary policy of the past 30 years : 
The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . 
But Judge Leval felt constrained by an earlier decision of the Second Circuit Court forbidding a biographer of J.D. Salinger to quote from Mr. Salinger 's personal letters . 
The theory relies on three assumptions : 
Mr. Jordan , formerly president and chief executive of Fishkill National Bank in Beacon , N.Y. , succeeds Donald Broderick , who died at 52 in an automobile accident . 
Mr. Regal had been president and chief executive of RBS Industries Inc . 
New York real estate brokerage Edward S. Gordon Co. will have the difficult task of finding new tenants . 
As a result , while any one customer may purchase immediacy by selling to a market maker ( which is micro-liquidity for the investor ) , the market as a whole remains in the same circumstances it was before the transaction : The unwanted position is still an unwanted position ; only the identity of the seller has changed . 
But slow sales forced Ford to kill the brand just last week . 
`` Saturday Night '' has cast actors to appear in future stories ranging from the abortion rights of teen-agers to a Nov. 4 segment on a man named Willie Bosket , who calls himself a `` monster '' and is reputed to be the toughest prisoner in New York . 
On Saturday , the partners said the team would be purchased for $ 54 million by a new group including Comsat Video Enterprises Inc. , a unit of Communications Satellite Corp. based here . 
They worried about an Interior Department directive to log all communications with Members or their staffs . 
The Nobel committee made the first addition ; John Dingell 's congressional committee created the second . 
That ad generated so much publicity that a trade magazine launched a contest for its readers to guess who the guy was and what he was doing . 
Over the past year there have been only one burglary , three thefts of or from autos , no purse-snatchings , and one attempted robbery in the mall , which opened in late 1981 . 
Mitsubishi built the government 's dream development , the story goes , in exchange for the official decision to locate Tokyo 's central railway station there . 
Encouraged by the brisk performance , Mitsubishi plans to raise its per-share dividend to 3.50 yen from three yen . 
Mr. Byrne says Fireman 's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims , but , after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines , the company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million . 
`` We give them a lot of credit for taking this case , '' says WLF 's Alan Slobodin . 
The two developments put the acquisition attempt back to square one and leaves the airline with an array of unresolved matters , including an unsettled labor situation and a management scrambling to restore its damaged credibility . 
North Carolinians , New Yorkers , Californians , Chicagoans and Ohioans own Texas banks . 
Market participants say investors are not only licking their wounds following the turbulence last week , but they have also been made nervous by two events in West Germany . 
However , about 120 employees will be affected by the agreement . 
One possible solution for Wall Street is to increase the equity part of the transaction -- that is , give lenders a bigger stake in the surviving company rather than just interest payments . 
Private-property rights would be upheld because the legislation would not ban coastal development . 
Mr. Joseph conceded the junk market was in disarray , according to people familiar with the discussion . 
`` Learning AIDS '' lists films , pamphlets , brochures , videos and other educational data . 
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation . 
Albert Fried Jr. , a 59-year-old director and holder of a 9.5 % stake in the company , was named chairman of this maker of products for the construction equipment , material handling and railroad industries . 
Seeking to allay European concerns , U.S. Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter said in Washington that the new U.S. plan would n't `` put farmers out of business '' but would encourage them to `` grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants . '' 
The Hawaii Banana Industry Association , to which nearly all of them belong , has no lobbyist . 
Each new employee is expected to submit four daily in the first few months on the job . 
Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted after management recommended a suspension of dividend payments on both its common and preferred stock because Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec. 7 . 
It 's also unclear precisely how the state will rebuild its reserve , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of California 's department of finance , although she noted that a bond offering for that purpose is n't anticipated . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
Compiled by Publishers Weekly from data from large-city bookstores , bookstore chains and local bestseller lists across the U.S. . 
The Lloyd 's market actively underwrites insurance just 4 1\/2 hours a day , brokers say . 
I really do not understand how it is that Filipinos feel so passionately involved in this father figure that they want to dispose of and yet they need . 
Swedish National Radio reports that about $ 40 million -- nearly 3 % of the total contract -- was paid by Bofors as commissions to middlemen . 
One local Phillips manager said a seal blew in one of the plant 's reactors . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Faced with a $ 40 billion foreign debt and skyrocketing inflation , Poland must privatize industry and eliminate subsidies to stabilize its currency and qualify for international assistance . 
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev opened a major U.S. trade exhibition in Moscow and spent two hours touring some of the 150 stalls representing such blue-chip companies as General Motors Corp. , International Business Machines Corp. and Johnson & Johnson . 
There 's even a special fare for clergy that does n't require the usual stay over Saturday night . 
Falcon Cable Systems Co. said it proposed an amendment that would allow it to increase its debt cap to 65 % of the company 's fair market value from the 40 % currently allowed . 
His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control . 
MACPOST : 
But bond investors continue to keep a close watch on the jittery stock market . 
But there are ample rewards in its plaintive slow sections and virtuoso fireworks for soloist , brass and timpani . 
The company said it expects consumers will adjust to higher-priced soft drinks . 
An analyst cited weaker capital spending and exports . 
US Facilities Corp. said Robert J. Percival agreed to step down as vice chairman of the insurance holding company . 
`` Canada has a larger and more beneficial role to play in the hemisphere , '' Mr. Mulroney said recently . 
The Secaucus , N.J. , company has formed a joint venture with a distributor called La Lecheria to market a higher-fat milk targeted at Hispanic consumers . 
Among the economic effects of the hurricane was a sharp drop in rental income . 
But there may be another problem with the device : Despite all the political angst it would cause , it might n't be effective in cutting the deficit . 
Although British Air is waiting to see what the buy-out group comes up with , Mr. Stevens said a revised transaction with less debt leverage is likely to be more attractive to banks . 
I 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people loot , since that behavior can also be foreseen in a disaster and `` every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor . '' 
But parents ' craving for a top-rated education for their children is growing like their taste for fancy wheels and vintage wine . 
`` The number of correct responses was 45 % on the test and school absences did n't change much , '' said Mr. Bruner . 
For example , Toronto-based Telemedia Inc. will publish Eating Well , a new food and health magazine due out next summer . 
Was not the title very clear ? 
Last month , Ford announced plans to acquire as much as 15 % of Jaguar . 
Peter Gebhard , the company 's owner , says spending on regulatory paper work and the people to do it -- mostly to comply with federal , state and local environmental laws -- will rise almost 30 % this year to $ 100,000 . 
General Electric Co. said it signed a contract with the developers of the Ocean State Power project for the second phase of an independent $ 400 million power plant , which is being built in Burrillville , R.I . 
Yields on five-year CDs at major banks were averaging about 7.45 % , and 10-year Treasury notes were paying less than 8 % . 
At Backer Spielvogel , he will work with clients and potential clients on marketing strategies ; aside from agency compensation issues , he helped Nissan , for example , come up with its positioning and pricing for its new Infiniti line . 
And by adding equity , DLJ would seem to be acknowledging that credit risk was a concern . 
A spokesman for Shearson said the brokerage service will be directed at individual investors who want to buy foreign and domestic stocks . 
Mr. King is the director of the Foreign Press Center in New York . 
Viroqua serves about 3,000 access lines in western Wisconsin . 
U.S. and Soviet officials are to open a new round of talks today aimed at reducing chemical-weapons arsenals amid superpower differences over whether to stop making the gases . 
The system is still under construction and will serve a market of 7,600 homes . 
`` We are in a transitional phase from being a Japanese company to becoming an international company based in Japan , '' says Mr. Muramatsu , the executive vice president . 
Sen. Strom Thurmond ( R. , S.C . ) protests pending legislation to end the preference that the federal prison system gets in selling prisoner-made furniture and other goods to government agencies . 
Royal Alliance , to which the 3,900 representatives ' licenses will be transferred , is a shell company Integrated owns . 
Senate leaders traded proposals aimed at speeding action on legislation to narrow the deficit and raise the federal government 's debt limit -- but the major stumbling block remains President Bush 's proposal to cut the capital-gains tax rate . 
It should have happened sooner , '' said Elizabeth Glaser , a Los Angeles mother and activist who contracted the AIDS virus through a blood transfusion , and transmitted it to two of her children . 
Also , the Big Board met with angry stock specialists . 
Until now , BNL 's top managers and its directors have been appointed by a Treasury decree . 
After the transaction , current common unitholders will own about 21.3 % of Edisto , current acquisition preferred holders will own 72.3 % , and current stockholders of Edisto will own about 6.4 % , about the same stake as Edisto owns now in NRM . 
`` They shot the whole orchestra just because the piano player hit a bad note , '' said Laszlo Birinyi , president of Birinyi Associates Inc. , referring to the stock market 's plunge Friday on news of trouble in financing the UAL Corp . buy-out . 
A CBOE spokeswoman declined comment on Petco . 
A slim majority ( 51 % ) think stock prices will be higher in August 1990 than they were in August 1989 . 
Encouraged by Mr. Wilder 's sly grins , embarrassed grimaces and sputtering rages , the audience gets the joke and begins to laugh before the end of the first act . 
Analysts say the earnings improvement came from cutting costs rather than increasing sales . 
At current market prices , the twin public offerings to be completed next year would add an estimated 2.5 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 386 million ) to Trelleborg 's coffers , analysts say . 
`` The ideal defense in a case involving an accident is to persuade the jurors to hold the accident victim responsible for his or her plight , '' Mr. Vinson has written . 
Let us look for a moment at another type of non-violent civil disobedience that only harms other people indirectly , yet does irreparable damage to the nation as a whole . 
Computer parts are getting ever smaller , Mr. Johnson said , a shrinking that has propelled laptops into position as the fastest-growing segment of the computer business . 
Frank L. Mingo , one of the pioneers of advertising targeted at black audiences , died at the age of 49 after a stroke . 
He left his job as general manager of Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. 's Frankfurt office because , he says , `` When the Rothschilds called , I could n't resist . '' 
Revenue slipped 1.2 % to $ 2.21 billion from $ 2.23 billion . 
The number of issues falling on the New York Stock Exchange each day is eclipsing the number of gainers . 
He noted that some minimum margin requirements have been reduced to levels below those before the 1987 crash . 
Mr. Taft paid an average of $ 28.43 for each share . 
Investors recalled that Shearson last week had been advising that `` the market is still exhibiting all the signs of a further advance . '' 
Up to now , 900 numbers have mainly been used on local TV stations and cable channels . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A rose 1 1\/4 to 22 3\/8 . 
The whole structure is extremely shaky . 
As rescuers pressed their efforts after finding a survivor in a collapsed freeway , the San Francisco Bay area girded for hundreds of thousands of commuters seeking to avoid routes ravaged by last Tuesday 's tremor . 
Prosecutors in Miami received yet another setback . 
Investor interest in stock funds `` has n't stalled at all , '' Mr. Hines maintains . 
Historically , New York is almost always in trouble . 
Not a lot was needed to be done . 
In the Reagan administration we designed a comprehensive program ; we worked very hard on it . 
They then run remotely controlled self-diagnostic programs . 
The Soviets ' eavesdropping paid off , however , because they got the contract . 
The agreement is effective Jan. 1 and is subject to approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board . 
The bench will be lower so the judge seems less intimidating , and walls will be painted in bright colors and covered with murals . 
Next year `` looks dismal , '' said analyst Paul Luber of Robert Baird & Co. , Milwaukee . 
The courts have not defined `` minimal amounts , '' but publishers , I understand , take it to mean about 50 words . 
Despite the proliferation of tourist distractions , Las Vegans have n't forgot that gambling is still what the town is all about . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 1.71 to 370.58 . 
The directors said if Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses related to a bid . 
When Mr. Paul moved in on the art market , he let it be known that virtually no piece was too costly to be considered by CenTrust . 
Mr. Tomash will remain as a director emeritus . 
John Tower was accused of womanizing and boozing during his unsuccessful bid to win confirmation as secretary of defense earlier this year . 
He recently told a small group of American businessmen in Moscow that he hoped to sign a general trade agreement with the U.S. , possibly at the 1990 summit . 
This year , a number of retail leveraged buyouts have failed , causing jitters among suppliers , and Mr. Merksamer apparently wanted assurances that he wo n't have delivery problems . 
Not everyone is convinced the state must raise new revenue to meet its earthquake needs . 
The three units contributed about a third of Emhart 's total sales . 
A genuine market for labor and wages would replace the present rigid , centralized system . 
Advertisers now say ` Help us improve our image and extend our selling season . ' 
Yes , my prices are high . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange said it fined Capcom Futures Inc. $ 500,000 and accepted its withdrawal from membership as part of a settlement of disciplinary actions against the firm . 
Appalled , Mr. Green never paid the money , he testified . 
He had been president of the international operations . 
But real-estate experts and brokers said the quake undoubtedly will drag down prices in neighborhoods built on less stable ground , especially in the Bay Area . 
`` Ten million ai n't jack , man , when you got $ 3 billion sitting in the bank , '' says Mr. Frank , senior vice president at International Management Group , citing CBS 's enormous cash reserves from selling off various businesses . 
Sitting in one of Mr. Palmer 's chairs , which cost $ 425 and have since been copied by others , is a bit like straddling a recliner . 
Armstrong expects to close the sale of the color unit in late November and the carpet sale in December , with the gains to be applied to fourth quarter or first-quarter results . 
Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank & Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said . 
Mr. Roman will be succeeded as the head of Ogilvy 's flagship ad agency , Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , by Graham Phillips , 50 , who had been president of North American operations and who , like Mr. Sorrell , is British . 
Sure , price action is volatile and that 's scary , but all-in-all stocks are still a good place to be , they suggest . 
Selling a call option gives an investor a small buffer against a stock-market decline . 
NASA defended itself vigorously and successfully against a Rifkin suit to block the Galileo launch . 
Mr. Anderson , a former Lott aide , received campaign assistance from the senator and from President Bush , who visited the district last week . 
Phoenix declined to comment . 
There 's an equally pressing deadline for the government to define its monetary and economic ties to the rest of the European Community . 
`` It is clear , '' Ms. Waite says , `` that most of the effect of increasing education has been to shift who is helping the wife\/mother . 
He notes that , as a lawmaker from the San Francisco area , he fights each year to preserve federal funds for the Bay Area Rapid Transit system . 
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . '' 
The Japanese-managed plants eventually will have the capacity to build some 2.5 million vehicles in the U.S. and that will translate into `` market share that is going to have to come out of somebody , '' he added . 
The self-proclaimed father of on-site massage is David Palmer , a 41-year-old San Francisco masseur whose mission is to save the touch-starved masses . 
-- FINANCES . 
In numerous parks near San Francisco , rangers have been forced to close trails , set up speed traps and use radar guns to curb fast and reckless riding . 
Xerox fell 3 1\/8 to 59 5\/8 . 
`` I do n't see this as a debt reduction exercise . 
But in its ruling last April , the New York court said that all producers of the anti-miscarriage drug should share liability when the manufacturer of a specific dose ca n't be determined . 
The 100-foot-long mural , painted by James Daugherty in 1934 , was commissioned by the federal Works Project Administration . 
When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion . 
The Arab League pledged an accord for a complete Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon , where about 70,000 people marched to the headquarters of Christian leader Aoun to support his rejection of a peace plan approved Sunday by Lebanon 's legislature . 
Even brief conversations can show caring and trust , and need not restrict the efficiency of the communication or restrain the doctor 's earnings . 
The trend has prompted Beijing to intensify efforts to curb imports . 
`` Why should I risk money for a guy for who 's paying me five cents a dance ? 
According to a spokesman , One Liberty will have paid out as dividends the required amount of its taxable income to maintain its legal status as a real estate investment trust . 
The U.S. contends that the rules are n't justified on health grounds . 
One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car , and an announcer says , `` Listen to what they 're saying about the Hyundai Sonata . '' 
Despite levels of obstruction , incompetence and ensuing frustration of mythic proportion , these projects all remain , in my mind , valuable and well worth the effort . 
Current interest serial bonds are tentatively priced to yield to 7.05 % in 2002 . 
In a surprise move , the British government cleared the way for a bidding war for Jaguar PLC by agreeing to remove an obstacle to a takeover of the auto maker . 
Many of the companies are even dropping their traditional independence and trying to band together to create some sort of standard . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. , a fast-growing maker of computer workstations , said it landed two federal government contracts worth more than $ 100 million over the next five years . 
So an investor who wanted to realize a profit on OEX puts after the trading suspension would have been out of luck . 
Consumers Power Co. , now the main unit of CMS Energy , ran into financial problems over its $ 4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant , which was abandoned as a nuclear facility in 1984 because of construction delays and high costs . 
The simplest , most traditional form of permanent insurance is the straight whole life policy . 
The government reported that the number of young cattle placed on feedlots during the quarter dropped 5 % compared with the year-earlier quarter . 
AEG and Siemens each will hold a 50 % stake in the venture . 
Yields on savings-type certificates of deposit dropped slightly in the week ended yesterday . 
Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage . 
But they said the quake will force some companies to relocate or expand part or all of their operations outside the state . 
Unlike his predecessor , who saw steel as America 's backbone , Mr. Corry tends to view it as a capital-draining and labor-intensive business with limited potential , associates say . 
`` They 've had this field to themselves for over a year now , and they 've been greatly rewarded , '' said Bob Katsive , an analyst at Disk\/Trend Inc. , a market researcher in Los Altos , Calif . 
The internationalization of the industry has been hastened by foreign companies ' acquisitions of many U.S. producers . 
Still , it may be tough for the two to have a smooth partnership in anything , in the wake of sworn affidavits filed over the last week . 
The 1988 figures were restated to include the results of Lorimar Telepictures Corp. , which Warner acquired in January . 
Nervousness that the market has n't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace , as did anticipation of a report on the economy 's third-quarter performance . 
Oil and auto companies supported a move on Capitol Hill last week to gut Mr. Bush 's plans to require auto makers to begin selling alternative-fueled cars by 1995 . 
Investigators cite the case of Matthew Valentine , who is currently serving a six-year sentence at Lompoc Federal Prison for his role in Intech Investment Corp. , which promised investors returns of as much as 625 % on precious metals . 
But his circumstances are among the few that can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in America . 
Today , Mr. Corry presides over a company whose fortunes have changed abruptly . 
`` I think employers are really going to be the ones to push for major change , '' says Sharon Canner , a health expert at NAM . 
Qintex Entertainment also said Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jonathan Lloyd , 37 years old , would join the nine-member board . 
There are few factories and no mines . 
Clearly , people like Mrs. Lombardi are giving marketers fits . 
Secretary of State James Baker , who accompanied President Bush to Costa Rica , told reporters Friday : `` I have no reason to deny reports that some Contras ambushed some Sandinista soldiers . '' 
With U.S. liquor consumption declining steadily , many American producers are stepping up their marketing efforts abroad . 
The debt will include medium-term notes sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ; Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. ; Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Some say the best hope for the Mexicans is catching the eye of Japan by promoting the one industry the Japanese clearly like -- the border assembly plants , known as `` maquiladoras , '' which are open to 100 % foreign control . 
The 1988 results include a $ 10.7 million charge stemming from a litigation judgment . 
Ratners , which controls 25 % of the British jewelry market , would increase the number of its U.S. stores to about 450 stores from 360 . 
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index fell 27.9 points to 2135.5 . 
The products are aimed at a market expected to total more than $ 1 billion a year in sales by 1995 , said Morgan Buchner Jr. , vice president of transmission systems for AT&T . 
The only way to catch an electronic thief , he said , is to set him up with erroneous information . 
Lee Dirks & Associates is to sell the chains . 
`` I do not support federal funding for abortions except where the mother 's life is threatened , '' he proclaimed , and finally vetoed the measure last weekend . 
`` As a result of your ultimatum , '' writes the Wisconsin Democrat , `` I guess there is no longer any point in taking administration views into account on other items in conference , inasmuch regardless of their resolution you apparently intend to veto this bill . 
Blue-chip consumer stocks also provided a lift to the industrial average . 
The company said the improved performance from a year ago reflects higher commissions and revenue from marketmaking and trading for its own account . 
Many bankers view property-sector loans as particularly risky . 
In China , however , there is n't likely to be any silver lining because the economy remains guided primarily by the state . 
He has good control . 
The firm sometimes buys S&P 500 futures when they are selling at a discount to the actual stocks , and will switch back and forth between stocks and stock-index futures to take advantages of any momentary price discrepencies . 
But the proposed transaction calls for an exchange of the debt for new debentures of lower face value and reduced cash interest . 
Option by borrower to increase issue amount to 150 million francs . 
The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos . 
Dreyfus alone has seen its money market funds grow from $ 1 billion in 1975 to closes to $ 15 billion today . 
In an interview , James Smith said the banks ' `` markets are contiguous and their business philosophies are similar and conservative . '' 
No amount of hype will bring viewers back if the shows are weak . 
The open-year accounting practice `` is widely recognized within Lloyd 's as of serious concern '' to the 31,329 member investors , who underwrite insurance at Lloyd 's in return for premium and investment income , Lloyd 's said . 
Montgomery County , Md. -- $ 75 million of general obligation , Series B , consolidated public improvement bonds of 1989 , through a Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. group . 
He said it also agreed to sell a portion of its European real estate unit for $ 37 million . 
The two could n't be reached for comment . 
In the first nine months of this year , business failures dropped 15.6 % to 37,820 from 44,796 . 
Ms. Applebaum had estimated third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share , but said the losses for the unusual items were larger than expected . 
At the current price , the USAir holding represents 9 % of all the assets that Mr. Steinhardt manages . 
Ray Neidl of Dillon Read & Co. said Mr. Trump `` is stepping back and waiting for the dust to settle . 
When I expressed amazement that no one was undertaking a more current and credible UV-B study , I was urged to get back to the agenda topic , which was , ironically , a schedule for getting rid of HCFCs , the so-called soft CFCs that are such an important part of the CFC substitution scenario . 
There will be no sightseeing , no shopping and no social events . '' 
Hong Kong 's main measure of consumer prices rose 10 % in September from a year earlier , the government said . 
Then the short-term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets . 
-- Bern Sharfman . 
They all understand point one : Nothing the U.S. can do will make much difference in whether Mr. Gorbachev succeeds with perestroika . 
Revenue increased 11 % , to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.46 billion . 
In recent years , unions and community groups have won big commitments from banks to make low-interest loans in certain neighborhoods by threatening to hold up proposed acquisitions with protests to the Fed about reinvestment act compliance . 
Citing rising fuel costs , promotional fare cuts and a general slowdown in travel , several major carriers have posted or are expected to post relatively poor third-quarter results . 
Kia is reportedly also considering such a plan . 
One of the test schools , Withrow High School in Cincinnati , rejected the project . 
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . '' 
By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies , physicians , communications equipment and FEMA personnel to California . 
But that signal on full-year profit casts doubt on whether Dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 3.44 a share , or $ 635 million . 
The IRS says the question wo n't be settled until the regulations are issued `` shortly . '' 
The sales are expected to raise more than 600 million Australian dollars ( US$ 462.2 million ) , Mr. Skase said . 
Merkur is n't the only European luxury brand having problems in the U.S. . 
They told her , ` We do n't hire fat people and we do n't hire cripples . 
The company had a tax credit of $ 1.4 million . 
Textron Inc. , hampered by a slowdown in its defense sales , reported an 8 % decline in per-share earnings on nearly flat revenue for its third quarter . 
A half-dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan . 
The 33 % bracket should apply to all income over the applicable level , not just the 5 % rate adjustment amount . 
The issue is noncallable for five years and has a sinking fund starting in 2000 to retire 50 % of the issue before maturity . 
Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. , which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc . 
The bonds , rated single-A by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1992 to 7.26 % in 2019 . 
Hanwa Co . ( Japan ) -- Two-part , $ 800 million issue of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 3\/8 % coupon at par . 
He was simply the first in this country to realize that treasures were just lying around waiting to be picked up . 
The office will provide `` one-stop shopping '' for Japanese financial institutions and other clients seeking advice on access to the world capital markets , according to A. Bruce Schimberg , Sidley 's senior banking specialist , who will move to Tokyo from Chicago to open the office next year . 
The 10 7\/8 % notes were priced at 99.5 % to yield 10.958 % in an offering managed by Bear , Stearns & Co. , Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Lazard Freres & Co. , the company said . 
Much of the price decline has been blamed on a slowing economy and the third quarter is typically the industry 's slowest period . 
He is co-author of `` Personal Productivity : How to Increase Your Satisfaction in Living '' ( M.E. Sharp , 1988 ) . 
Discussing the recent slide in stock prices , the central bank governor stated that `` the markets now appear to have steadied '' after the `` nasty jolt '' of the 190.58-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average a week ago . 
The junk-mail titans , ever optimistic , are looking for ways around the problem . 
Why should they have to co-exist with opportunists rushing in to turn a quick profit ? 
Experiments showed that the new , non-virulent toxin is capable of inducing immunity , according to the researchers from the Selavo Research Center in Siena , Italy , the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and the Japanese National Institutes of Health . 
While American aid efforts have been limited by budget problems , yesterday France announced a three-year , four billion French franc ( $ 650 million ) aid plan for Poland . 
Do they want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause ? 
`` Hard Copy , '' the new syndicated tabloid show from Paramount Pictures , will use its 900 number for additional purposes that include research , says executive producer Mark B. von S. Monsky . 
Although the June 4 killings in Beijing have hurt its China flights , Cathay 's other routes have retained high load factors . 
We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson 's resignation , and offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy , John Major . 
Sam Ramirez and his men are late . 
For the prior year , deposits exceeded withdrawals by $ 8.8 billion . 
In one of the most conservative , Republican states in the entire nation , the greening of Robert Redford 's neighbors is the real story that Mr. Tomsho missed . 
The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry-forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . 
For one thing , according to Mr. Daly , the producers requested a release in advance . 
The big reason : For all its cost-cutting , Nissan remains less efficient than Toyota . 
Frequent trading runs up high commission costs . 
Hit by higher costs and lower sales , Caterpillar Inc. said third-quarter earnings tumbled 43 % and full-year earnings will trail last year 's results . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the majority holder of Manville acknowledged that the cash portion of its initial funding of $ 765 million will be depleted next year , and that alternative sources of funds will be necessary to meet its obligations . 
What must your management team do to establish corporate due process ? 
On his FEMA visit , Mr. Bush said that he hoped there would be `` less carping '' about the emergency office 's performance this time , adding that the agency `` took a hit '' for its reaction to Hurricane Hugo . 
The company is facing a takeover proposal from the financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
I saw what he did to them firsthand . 
At that time , tasks were assigned strictly on the basis of seniority . 
Even the courts are beginning to recognize the link between jobs and stress-related disorders in compensation cases , according to a survey by the National Council on Compensation Insurance . 
It shows a boy hurling rocks at a street lamp . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . 
Mr. Phillips also hopes to finally implement a reorganization announced earlier this year but put on hold by the WPP takeover . 
Home is an estate with green meadows opening onto Lake Geneva and a low-slung house whose rooms overlook the water and offer a view of the French Alps . 
`` They check in , but they ca n't check out . '' 
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics . 
Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134.8 million of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1992-2000 , 2009 and 2016 , through a Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. group . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
Richard Stoltzman has taken a gentler , more audience-friendly approach . 
First comes monetary expansion to drive down the currency 's value that was pushed up by tax-rate reduction . 
Why not watch or hear your experience historicized while you were living it ? 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , MCI Communications Inc. and United Telecommunications ' U S Sprint unit were blocking phone calls into the Bay area to alleviate congestion . 
Previously , the July figure was estimated at a deficit of 613 million francs . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
But a partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which had been down more than 60 points in midmorning , dashed those expectations . 
In addition , the group will create custom-designed media such as cookbooks , newspaper inserts and videos for ad campaigns . 
The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly , but whether the main reason was dollar intervention , the gloomy reports on manufacturing employment , or the Friday 13 market drop , only Mr. Greenspan and his associates know . 
Experts from Goldman Sachs estimated Eastern would miss the same mark by $ 120 million to $ 135 million , the source said . 
The strategy boosts current yield by putting more bonds into the portfolio . 
The median price of homes is $ 547,000 ; more than 9,000 vessels fill what the chamber of commerce calls the nation 's largest pleasure-boat harbor . 
Delayed financings also would affect the operations of many companies . 
Embittered shareholders ( some of whom are suing ) say the chairman and his collection epitomize the excesses of speculation that set off the national S&L crisis . 
Also for sale are Buckingham Wile Co. , which distributes Cutty Sark blended whiskey in the U.S. , and Whitbread 's Atlas Peak Vineyards in California 's Napa Valley . 
Still , today 's highest-yielding money funds may beat CDs over the next year even if rates fall , says Guy Witman , an editor of the Bond Market Advisor newsletter in Atlanta . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked . 
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator . 
The junk market , which mushroomed to $ 200 billion from less than $ 2 billion at the start of the decade , has been declining for months as issuers have stumbled under the weight of hefty interest payments . 
`` Now we 're looking for a room with thicker walls , '' Ms. Banks says . 
`` Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not once a month , but two or three times a week , '' he said . 
Great American said it increased its loan-loss reserves by $ 93 million after reviewing its loan portfolio , raising its total loan and real estate reserves to $ 217 million . 
Obviously not . 
According to some estimates , the rule changes would cut insider filings by more than a third . 
Mr. Lee estimates that about 10,000 property speculators are operating in South Korea . 
Volume on the first section was estimated at 600 million shares , down from 1.03 billion shares Friday . 
The bank said the C$ 1 billion in reserves will result in a charge of C$ 595 million against earnings but said it still expects to report a profit for the year ending Tuesday . 
Mr. Lee says Mr. Deng told him : `` We should not mind those who participated in demonstrations , signed anti-government materials and went on hunger strikes . '' 
Sun Alliance fell 1 to close at 289 , and General Accident jumped 10 to # 10.13 . 
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market . 
Messrs. Lee and Bynoe last July announced a deal that would have made them the first black principal owners of a major professional sports franchise . 
Pfizer 
In September , Kellogg Co. launched a competing psyllium-fortified cereal called Heartwise . 
MURDER THREAT charged in Haas Securities Corp . stock-manipulation trial . 
`` I would suspect that a lot of investment committees are looking into whether ( they ) want to be in stocks at all , '' he said . 
Even perks have been reduced . 
The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million on July 11 , 1988 , the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said . 
This was in addition to a more parochial $ 4.5 million authorization for a health center in South Carolina upheld by a 273-121 vote in the House last night . 
Now it 's dawning on them that they can be non-wealthy . '' 
But his chance to become deputy mayor under Mayor Abraham Beame , a plan boosted by Mr. Sutton , was squandered because of Mr. Dinkins 's failure -- still largely unexplained -- to file income tax returns for four years running . 
That is the truth . '' 
The lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems in the daughters of women who took the drug . 
The summer crop is harvested , winter sowing has yet to begin . 
William O'Neill , research director for Elders Futures Inc. in New York , said for a rally to occur , there must be demand from the Far East . 
John Bonomo , a Nynex spokesman , says the telephone company needs to monitor operators to evaluate performance during the first six months on the job . 
Two steps are necessary to translate this idea into action . 
Detroit-based GM does n't issue separate quarterly earnings for the North American automotive business . 
It 's a downbeat , `` thirtysomething '' world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be grateful to do . 
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans . 
`` Every day we 're getting new bid lists '' from would-be sellers , one trader said . 
John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer , credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers , introduced in the winter , for the brightened sales performance . 
Ms. Jepson is a free-lance music writer in New York . 
Amex said it would charge me $ 576 a year for $ 100,000 of coverage -- and would pay me back all the premiums I put in if I canceled the policy after 10 years . 
The two men are longtime friends and tennis partners , having met about 25 years ago . 
Lawrence Insurance Group Inc. said it acquired United Republic Reinsurance Co. , a Houston property and casualty reinsurance company , from United Savings Association of Texas for $ 28 million . 
Lewis L. Glucksman , vice chairman of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said : `` This is a problem that 's taking on a life of its own . 
Some analysts reckon that the next quarter 's figures will present a more accurate picture of the U.S. economy , showing a marked slowdown in a number of sectors , including housing starts and equities . 
Mr. West cites the Federal Communications Commission and its standards for telecommunications equipment : `` They monitor product quality and prevent junk from flooding the market . '' 
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis . 
`` Just because a particular element of the firm is down , '' such as stockbrokerage , `` does n't mean the executive committee should be paid less , '' he said . 
The U.S. currency was also changing hands at 142.43 yen , up from 141.70 yen in New York late Thursday . 
The House version of the legislation would kill that deduction , and label any such debt as equity , which is n't deductible . 
But now , the magazine is attempting to fight back , with an ambitious plan including a revamped sales strategy and a surprisingly aggressive ad campaign . 
Massage advocates say that kneading the head , shoulders , neck and back can go a long way toward easing tension and improving morale . 
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua . 
Shareholders are scheduled to vote on the transaction Nov . 
The other lawyer in the office is partner Robert A. Macari , the firm 's legislative director . 
Three years ago , the exchange took up residence in a space-age tower of steel and glass -- evocative of the kind of modern architecture that Britain 's Prince Charles has denounced . 
After several years of booming business with China , foreign traders are bracing for the biggest slump in a decade . 
With its ability to pick up rustlings and flapping wings , `` it was meant to be a toy for children for bird watching , '' says Mr. Appel . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
When the going gets tough , it 's tough to trade stocks in continental Europe . 
Erik Keller , a Gartner Group analyst , said organizational changes may still be required to really take advantage of CIM 's capabilities -- someone on the shop floor may not like having someone in an office using a personal computer to look over his shoulder , for instance , and may be able to prevent that from happening . 
Fundamental fairness and a sense of responsibility lead us to share operating efficiencies with our customers . '' 
`` In all honesty if you ask me , ` Is this man a true believer ? ' I do n't know , '' says John Fowler , head of the Washington-based Ad Hoc Committee in Defense of Life Inc . 
This is written to correct a misquotation in your Oct. 3 article `` Deaths From Advanced Colon Cancer Can Be Reduced by Using Two Drugs . '' 
At 11.1 % of gross national product , U.S. health costs already are the highest in the world . 
In an efficient setup , the same PC could perform all those tasks . 
However , director Thomas O'Rourke has said he wo n't seek re-election at the company 's annual meeting next month . 
`` It 's tabloid news from A to Z . '' 
The Excalibur , with a castlelike hotel , jousting tournaments and other Arthurian attractions , will be able to handle up to 30,000 visitors a day when it opens in 1990 . 
Please contribute what you can , '' the ad said . 
The baseball commissioner said the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would be played Tuesday in Candlestick Park . 
It is projected to keep growing by a million barrels a day , or up to 2 % annually , for years to come . 
Issuance of those warrants will be at the rate of one-third warrant for each warrant exercised . 
Bishop is based in Hutchinson , Kansas . 
Budget is set at $ 1.5 million . 
Stronger results from the company 's broadcast and cable television units and professional and textbook publishing divisions , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper , the Los Angeles Times , offset advertising declines in the company 's newspapers in the Eastern U.S. , the company said . 
The August rate was 0.6 percentage point lower than in the like month a year earlier , reflecting the pickup of activity in the 15 countries . 
The diversified electronics company blamed the decline in the quarter ended Sept. 29 , on previously reported operating problems in its Electron Devices & Systems Group . 
The bleak automotive results were offset by strong earnings from some non-automotive operations . 
We 've all got money to spend , some of it clearly disposable since we keep disposing of it . 
Then I noticed the overhead light was swaying on its cord and realized what had happened . 
But it says that rapid rate increases are directly tied to the soaring cost of health care . 
Dell Computer dropped 7\/8 to 6 . 
Indeed , Wright said all his life that the greatest lessons he learned were derived from the study of nature . 
Revenue was flat at $ 1.3 billion . 
Meanwhile , the Kabul regime is increasingly successful at portraying the resistance as bloody-minded fanatics . 
IBM , which made the announcement at the dedication of a research center here , said it invited many other companies to participate as well , including some from Europe . 
That 's a faster growth rate than reported by Compaq , which did n't post similar results until its fourth year , in 1986 . 
Move over , pornographic phone services : A legal service with a `` 900 '' number has been launched in California . 
Phillip J. Stuecker , 37 , vice president , secretary and treasurer , was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
Mercury shares closed yesterday at $ 4.625 , up 50 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` United pilots have shown on a number of occasions they are willing and able to strike , '' said an executive at Fuji Bank , one of UAL 's large lenders . 
Mr. Peters is a high-school dropout who came to fame as Barbra Streisand 's hairdresser . 
Conrail 
While some commercial lending has resumed , international lenders remain nervous about China 's economic troubles and foreign debt -- $ 40 billion at the end of 1988 . 
Richard J. Pinola was elected to the board of this personnel consulting concern , increasing its size to nine members . 
`` There is strong indication that ` Teddy Z ' is not compatible with the shows it is surrounding , '' said John Sisk , senior vice president at J. Walter Thompson Co. , a unit of WPP Group PLC . 
For the killer and thief , Said Mahran , fame flows from the barrel of a gun . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8667 marks , down from 1.8685 marks late Monday , and at 142.75 yen , up from 141.85 yen late Monday . 
Economists suggested that if the pound falls much below 2.90 marks , the government will be forced to increase rates to 16 % , both to halt any further decline and ensure that the balance of monetary policy remains unchanged . 
Increasingly careful attempts to measure neutrons , which would be strong evidence of fusion reactions , continue to be negative . 
The Allianz statement led to speculation that Allianz eventually could sell to Paribas . 
`` I felt kind of safe , '' she says . 
He noted that two weeks ago there were rumors of Soviet sales of precious metals to finance grain purchases , but the sales do n't seem to have materialized . 
The company earns about half its revenue overseas and plans further expansion . 
Such transactions numbered 670 in the second quarter , up from 527 a year earlier . 
So two cheers for the new rules . 
He said Jaguar `` should n't be smothered by anyone else , '' recalled one participant . 
Honeywell previously said it intended to reduce its holding in the Japanese concern as part of a restructuring plan which also calls for a reduction of dependence on weapons sales . 
Some companies , including Heinz , even pay part of the fee . 
Derek Stevens , British Air 's chief financial officer , told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report a price of $ 230 a share is `` certainly not too low , '' and indicated his company would like to reduce the size of its $ 750 million cash investment . 
`` But we do make exceptions , '' says a smiling Baron Elie de Rothschild , `` especially if they are very young and have very rich parents . 
The government may ease repression in some areas , but it still keeps a tight grip in others . 
The male part , the anthers of the plant , and the female , the pistils , of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other . 
Term bonds due 2010 are 7.10 % securities priced at par . 
`` Quality junk bonds will continue to trade well , '' says Michael Holland , chairman of Salomon Brothers Asset Management Inc . 
Many fund managers have boosted their cash levels in recent weeks . 
The developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships said preliminary results indicate that about 1,749,000 shares had been tendered , giving a preliminary proration factor of 0.6287 . 
`` Total merchant banking exposures are in excess of the firm 's equity . 
She called her daughter to take her to the bank , who , in turn , persuaded her husband , a Mr. Loeb , to run this errand . 
At least 40 companies are coming to the capital market to raise $ 6 billion , an amount never thought possible in India . 
`` I tried . '' 
But the transaction is just Mr. Peladeau 's latest step in a larger design : to build Quebecor through acquisitions into an integrated paper , publishing and printing concern with a reach throughout North America . 
Mr. McNealy said the issues that hurt Sun 's performance earlier this year are now `` largely '' behind the firm , and he indicated that Sun 's profitability should increase throughout the fiscal year . 
Among these are the company 's Australian brewing assets , in the books at A$ 950 million but actually worth A$ 2.5 billion , he said . 
MacNamara Clapp & Klein , a small New York shop , is asking magazine ad representatives to tell it when major advertising inserts will run in their publications . 
It is partly for this reason that the exchange last week began trading in its own stock `` basket '' product that allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade . 
Those massive structures , while posing cost and environmental headaches , effectively locked out all but deep-pocketed giants from steelmaking . 
The resignations by the two executives , considered hard-charging and abrasive by Reebok insiders , reflect a difference in style with Paul Fireman , chairman and chief executive , according to several former executives . 
Three gambling casinos have opened in Poland . 
American Brands is a consumer products company with core businesses in tobacco , distilled spirits and life insurance . 
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the company posted a net loss of $ 876,706 , or 22 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 5.1 million . 
International Business Machines Corp. made news this summer when it landed an unusual contract to manage all of Eastman Kodak Co. 's data-processing needs . 
The December contract fell 3.85 cents a pound to $ 1.1960 . 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , BellSouth shares fell 87.5 cents to $ 52.125 . 
Your Sept. 21 article `` It 's So Easy to Get Burned When Buying a Small Firm '' was excellent . 
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community . 
More importantly , the volume of options written exceeded those purchased by almost 2-to-1 . 
The Phoenix-based holding company for Arizona 's largest bank said it added $ 121 million to its allowance for losses on loans and for real estate owned . 
By some estimates , nearly a fourth of all U.S. ski areas have been forced to shut down since the early '80s . 
William H.J. Buchanan , the firm 's secretary and associate general counsel , sold 7,000 shares in two separate sales in September for $ 406,000 . 
Here , they are searching for a higher price . 
Each of the units consists of two warrants , each of which could be used to purchase a half-share of common stock , and one depositary preference share . 
Bridge and highway collapses will disrupt truck and auto transportation in the San Francisco Bay area for months to come . 
The company is exposed to bulk chemicals , however . 
The builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market . 
There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it . 
Excluding the provision , Republic earned $ 44.6 million , up 15 % from a year ago . 
Black & Decker said it plans to put other Emhart units on the block in the future , with the goal of raising $ 1 billion in net proceeds . 
Morever , Mr. Addison has said Southern Co. and its units do n't condone illegal political contributions . 
The most likely white knight would be Societe Generale de Belgique S.A. , which already owns 18 % of AG and which itself is controlled by Cie . Financiere de Suez , the acquisitive French financial conglomerate . 
Here are two cases to illustrate . 
When the size of the Refcorp offering was announced last week and when-issued trading activity began , the bailout bonds were yielding about 1\/20 percentage point more than the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond . 
It did n't say if its year-earlier results were influenced significantly by nonrecurring elements . 
Seasonal Stackup 
Federal prosecutors said they have obtained a guilty plea from another person in the government 's ongoing probe of illegal payments in the record industry . 
Specialized Equity and Convertible Funds 
U.S. Judge Leonard B. Sand set the Garcias ' sentencing for Jan. 5 . 
Terms of the transaction were n't disclosed . 
But it was clear that for the time being , the board wants the company to return to normalcy . 
In those areas , the role of NSC staffers under them therefore have become more important . 
`` I always knew that the ` Big One ' was coming , but not during my lifetime , '' she says . 
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment that President Bush sought to protect the U.S. flag from desecration . 
The issue is expected to receive a double-A rating from Moody 's , the underwriter said . 
Roughly one-third of its stock is believed held by takeover stock traders , who could vote to oust the board if they become impatient . 
Fiat 's rejection of partnership with Saab means that the Swedish company , which announced last Friday that its pretax profit for the first eight months plummeted 49 % , will have to look for a partner among other car manufacturers as both Ford Motor Corp. and Fiat have turned down the offer . 
They are buying an operation that is running well . '' 
Texaco 
`` Other cities are calling { groups booked here for tours and conferences } and -- not to be crass -- stealing our booking list , '' said Scott Shafer , a spokesman for Mayor Art Agnos . 
At the state and local level , the bonds are subject to surtaxes and estate , inheritance and gift taxes , but exempt from taxation as to principal and interest . 
The increase is on the base price , which is already being discounted by virtually all steel producers . 
Eaton does n't provide profit figures separately for each category , but operating profit for vehicle parts as a group fell 26 % to $ 51 million on an about 1 % drop in sales to $ 488 million . 
It was the kind of snubbing rarely seen within the Congress , let alone within the same party . 
Canadian officials said the trade pact has kindled an export interest among many small Canadian companies that previously had little or no foreign sales . 
One reason : banks -- likely to react to any new UAL deal with even more caution than the first time around -- probably will insist on labor harmony before they agree to put up cash for any new bid or even a less-ambitious recapitalization plan . 
And debt-ridden Campeau Corp. of Toronto is giving up the 17-store Bloomingdale 's group . 
More recently , some former Quebecor executives started their own printing company , specializing in printing and distributing advertising circulars . 
Where do Americans put their money ? 
He said that all of these companies will be able to compete fiercely in an economic downturn . 
Tandy said consumer electronics sales at its Radio Shack stores have been slow , partly because of a lack of hot , new products . 
Mr. Downey 's previous show , a one-hour shout fest , syndciated by MCA Inc. and produced by Quantum Media Inc. , was canceled in July after advertisers and stations abandoned it . 
Merck 's profit climbed 25 % , Warner-Lambert 's 22 % and Eli Lilly 's 24 % . 
The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 and 68.9 % in 1988 . 
We 've actually read the speech . 
Admittedly last season 's runaway hit , `` Steel Magnolias , '' helped a lot , but so did cost cutting and other measures insisted on by the board . 
Sales rose 4.2 % to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.2 billion . 
The March delivery ended with an advance of 0.16 cent a pound to 14.27 cents , for a two-day gain of 0.3 cent . 
Advertising volume at the company 's 35 regional newspapers decreased 1.1 % . 
( Think what these numbers mean -- considering the headline space devoted to hundreds of deaths in Lebanon , a small country of little strategic importance ! ) 
One problem is that the Internal Revenue Service has decided that the investment earnings and gains of the sponsors ' funds are taxable . 
Latin American countries have long urged Canada to join the OAS in the hopes that it would be a counterweight to the U.S. , which for many years tended to dominate the 32-nation organization . 
That does n't scare Digital , which has grown to be the world 's second-largest computer maker by poaching customers of IBM 's mid-range machines . 
Until then , options had been traded only in the over-the-counter market , mostly in New York , and in an almost invisible secondary market operating chiefly by telephone . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1993 to 7.10 % in 2008 and 2009 . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
On Storer as a whole , KKR racked up compound annual returns of 60 % in the three years it owned Storer . 
Among the possible suitors is Italy 's Fiat S.p . A , analysts said last week . 
Fireman 's Fund property-liability subsidiaries reported a 120.7 % combined underwriting ratio for the nine months , up from 108.4 % for the year-ago period . 
That may be difficult , the Jaguar chairman acknowledged , `` when you have somebody else breathing down your neck . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Forest-products operations strengthened in the third quarter , while paper operations were dogged by higher costs , soft newsprint exports and a strong Japanese yen . 
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so-called boom-or-bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said . 
Thus it is coming up short on a big bet that quick sales at higher prices would enable it to keep up with mortgage and other debt payments . 
Pemex officials would n't say how much money the new contract would save the company , but one previous government estimate pegged savings at around $ 500 million a year . 
Moody 's said the ratings anticipate a successful debt-reduction program and modest improvement in discretionary cash flow because of planned asset sales . 
`` While the stock market was falling , most { junk bond holders } were just watching it not knowing what to do , '' said Paul Suckow , director of fixed-income securities at Oppenheimer Management Corp . 
`` When will I get that check for a million dollars ? '' he jokes . 
Although some of the study 's recommendations resemble those of similar projects , the makeup of the task force was unusually diverse , adding significance to the effort . 
The strongest sign of the Big Three 's woes came from Ford Motor Co. , which said it had a loss in its U.S. automotive business for the first time since 1982 . 
Third-quarter operating profit of the specialty-chemicals group declined slightly to $ 24.3 million from $ 24.9 million . 
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes . 
`` I would be much happier if this volume { in German stocks } were in Frankfurt rather than London , '' says Dieter Bauernfeind , head of international equity sales at Dresdner Bank in Frankfurt . 
We are deeply disturbed that a recent editorial stated that the `` Americans With Disabilities Act of 1989 '' was `` crafted primarily by Democratic Senators Kennedy and Harkin '' with a premise `` based on the presumption that most Americans are hostile to the disabled ... . '' 
Ralph Costanza , head of the OTC trading department at Smith Barney , Harris Upham , said many market players are awaiting some resolution of the current debate over program trading . 
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so-called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree . 
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers . 
One apparent side effect is a minor increase in a brain hormone . 
Massachusetts -- $ 230 million of general obligation bonds , consolidated loan of 1989 , Series D , due 1990-2009 , through a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group . 
On Dec. 13 , 1973 , it issued its first rule ; it required companies to disclose foreign currency translations in U.S. dollars . 
Saab 's problems were underscored Friday when the company announced that its car division had a 1.2 billion kronor ( $ 186.1 million ) loss during the first eight months of this year , slightly worse than Saab-Scania had forecast in its first-half report last month . 
Mr. Carpenter , a former consulting-firm executive who has a love for `` task forces , '' says he has done a `` complete rethink '' of Kidder in recent months . 
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co . 
In the first half , Lotus struggled to keep market share with costly promotions while customers awaited the launch of 1-2-3 Release 3 , the upgraded spreadsheet software . 
A Texas legislator proposes color-coding drivers ' licenses of some drug offenders . 
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise . 
That would send prices plummeting from what some gun-shy U.S. oil executives still regard as too low a level . 
The rubble after the Armenian earthquake a year ago disclosed , quite literally , a city whose larger structures had been built with sand . 
The agreement also called for Reebok to receive warrants to purchase 400,000 shares of CML common at $ 31.25 a share , exercisable at any time before July 1 , 
Six partners in the Richmond , Va. , firm of Browder , Russell , Morris & Butcher announced they are resigning . 
And half the employees surveyed think companies dole out too little to them . 
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr. Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught . '' 
Before granting Ms. Volokh 's parents a visa , the government required her mother to obtain permission from her first husband , whom she had divorced 38 years earlier . 
`` People are questioning corporate profits as a pillar of support for the equity market . '' 
The last time cocoa traded at prices as low as currently was in 1974 . 
At the American Magazine Conference here , publishers are plenty worried about the industry 's woes . 
This is reflected in a built-in mortality cost -- in effect , your share of the company 's estimated liability in paying off beneficiaries of people who had the effrontery to die while under its protection . 
Second in command from 1979 to 1984 , Mrs. Verne told a Paris court that the `` great disorder '' that reigned at the agency led her into temptation . 
Mr. Friend says he agreed to strike Mr. Alexander above the belt . 
`` Lloyd 's has lost control of the situation , '' he says . 
Because fresh eggs are less expensive than processed ones , a big egg user can recover the Egg King 's $ 3,390 cost in a few months , says Mr. Maynard . 
One building was upgraded to red status while people were taking things out , and a resident who was n't allowed to go back inside called up the stairs to his girlfriend , telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby . 
The expected Canadian move has been welcomed by the Bush administration even though Canada has opposed such U.S. actions as the trade embargo against Cuba , the invasion of Grenada and the military support for Nicaragua 's Contra guerrillas . 
The prime minister of Aruba has said it could cost around $ 100 million . 
`` Such determination may translate into extreme physical , emotional and financial costs , '' the letter warns . 
He says Mr. Peters and Mr. Guber , as the contractual producers with consultation rights , have been invited to screenings and to give their input on the film . 
$ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 16 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co . 
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds . 
The precedent having been set , who can complain if future generations called upon to defend the U.S. yield to the temptation to avoid the danger of combat by simply declaring the war immoral and hiding until it is over ? 
Dun & Bradstreet lost 1 7\/8 to 51 7\/8 on 1.8 million shares . 
He would ease the proposed penalties for delayed payroll-tax deposits and for faulty Form 1099 and other reports that taxpayers correct voluntarily . 
Early in 1987 , Mr. Honecker and his team stopped paying thin compliments to Mr. Gorbachev and joined with Romania in rejecting any necessity for adjustments in their systems . 
When most spectators thought its position hopeless , the computer thought it was only , in effect , one-half of a pawn down . 
Among the conditions of the offer is that Pace shareholders tender a majority of the company 's shares outstanding . 
While Georgia-Pacific 's stock has outperformed the market in the past two years , Nekoosa has lagged the market in the same period . 
Data for 1987 from the National Association of Suggestion Systems and the Japan Human Relations Association also indicate that Japanese employers adopt four of five suggestions , while their U.S. counterparts accept just one in four . 
We would have thought by now , though , that there was a significant core of people involved in government life who understood that direct taxation is n't the only way to slow down an economy . 
The average yield on the bills was 7.35 % , down from 7.61 % at the previous 52-week bill auction Sept. 21 . 
Mr. Dorfman provides confirming evidence of this phenomenon when he reports that your staff of dart throwers would have accumulated only $ 112,383 by randomly selecting four new stocks to be held in a portfolio each month . 
`` It 's horrible to say , but it 's unfortunate that earthquake was n't in Phoenix -- it might have knocked out some of our empty buildings , '' said C.W. Jackson , a prominent Arizona businessman with interests in real estate , banking and many other businesses . 
To get around the delays caused by the optical device , Businessland , which is Next 's exclusive dealer to corporations , has for months been advising customers to purchase hard drives with the machines . 
Some of the proposed modifications since , however , call on Saudi Arabia to `` give back '' to the production-sharing pool a token 23,000 barrels . 
Revenue in the period slid almost 8 % to $ 203.2 million from about $ 220 million last year . 
And business investment -- which slowed in the third quarter , according to yesterday 's report -- is expected to continue to be sluggish . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Shaw 's shares closed ex-dividend at $ 26.125 , up $ 2.25 . 
Because of standardized designs , Mr. Hovnanian says , `` a buyer can visualize Society Hill regardless of where it is . '' 
The statistics exclude pulp consumed at the producing mill or shipped to another mill that is affiliated with the producing mill . 
\* Actual performance , not annualized 
Focusing on beer , restaurants and hotels means `` we can concentrate our skills and resources more effectively , '' Peter Jarvis , Whitbread 's managing director , said in a statement . 
`` Everything sold at Radio Shack has a legal purpose , '' says Bernard Appel , president of the Tandy Corp. subsidiary . 
The issue is rated single-B-3 by Moody 's and single-B-plus by S&P . 
A similar demand was made by a group that represents some of United 's 26,000 noncontract employees . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
`` Teddy Z '' was boosted by favorable reviews and a network-wide promotional tie-in contest with K mart Corp . 
`` It helps us , and people feel better talking to someone who 's gone through the same thing , '' an SBA official says . 
Although bulk-chemical prices have begun falling in the U.S. , they are generally stable in Europe , Mr. Bergsma said . 
Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether state or federal engineers or private companies could have prevented the damage . 
A magistrate had initially refused the request , ruling that the attack had been a political act for which the man , Mahmoud El-Abed Ahmad , would be exempt from extradition . 
In 1988 , Dallas-based Sterling protested a similar decision by NASA involving the same contract , claiming it had submitted the lowest bid . 
The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of rice and cotton and sorghum as far as the eye can see . 
Vincent Tolentino , a correspondent for the French magazine Telerama , says of the recently ended Tokyo festival : `` No one makes deals ... and most of the films have been seen before at other festivals . '' 
Israeli counterterrorism officials provided the State Department with a 20-page list of recent terrorist incidents they attribute directly to forces controlled by PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat . 
Traditionally , the medical establishment has waited two years to approve adult treatments for pediatric uses , because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape . 
Earlier this year , the company sold a similar unit in Europe for about $ 25 million . 
Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle . 
But Brooks was unable to reach a coin-cleaning agreement with the government . 
Loral Corp. said fiscal second-quarter net income was $ 19.8 million , or 79 cents a share , compared with year-earlier earnings from continuing operations of $ 15.6 million , or 62 cents a share . 
As the West German currency rose , so did Merkur prices . 
The guidelines , which discourage prosecutors from seeking court orders seizing the assets of certain racketeering defendants prior to trial , were first disclosed this week . 
Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . 
All prices are as of Monday 's close . 
Mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans and costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring and summer , when interest rates dipped . 
By Wednesday , frustrated Belgian brokers reopened the market by using the time-honored method of quoting stocks with chalk on a blackboard . 
Now it 's getting downright dangerous . 
The moves illustrate the more aggressive attitude toward patent protection that patent experts say Japan is starting to take . 
`` There are some witnesses who will be forced to testify about their meetings with senators . '' 
Arco Chemical Co. -- $ 100 million of 9.35 % debentures due Nov. 1 , 2019 , priced at 98.518 to yield 9.50 % . 
But Mr. Zoeller also acknowledges that consultants can be very effective . 
Interest in the abortion issue is so great that the Hotline , a daily , computer-distributed political newsletter , comes up with a spinoff product called the Abortion Report dealing solely with its political implications . 
B.A.T Industries PLC may delay aspects of its defensive restructuring plan -- including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units -- in the wake of the current upheaval in financial markets , company officials said . 
`` It 's an explosive cocktail '' thrown at the world , says Kenneth Courtis , senior economist at the Tokyo unit of Deutsche Bank Group . 
For the first nine months , the trade deficit was 14.933 trillion lire , compared with 10.485 trillion lire in the year-earlier period . 
For the nine months , HomeFed earned $ 82.5 million , or $ 3.52 a fully diluted share , a 4.3 % increase from year-earlier net income of $ 79.1 million , or $ 3.43 a fully diluted share . 
Our traditional project loans have , for instance , supported sensible energy pricing in the power sector , sound interest-rate policies in the credit area and the operation of public utilities as efficient , autonomous agencies . 
Scientists caution there is a chance the magnet technique might spark seizures in epileptics . 
Consistently , D.T. was over-optimistic about its chances , which it continually sized up , in numerical form . 
Steven Spinola , president of the Real Estate Board of New York , an industry organization , says Mr. Dinkins 's `` economic development program is shortsighted , but when it comes down to it , he can be reasonable . '' 
The oil company claims that Alaskan officials prevented Exxon from spraying dispersant onto the almost 11 million gallons of oil dumped when one of its tankers ran into an underwater reef . 
American Pacific and Kerr-McGee are the only two U.S. manufacturers of ammonium perchlorate . 
But , Mr. Kakita added , once U.S. equities regain some stability , players will move back into dollar-denominated investments , especially Treasury bonds , whose value rises when interest rates decline . 
HOLIDAY ADS : 
For many money managers , the past four months have been humiliating . 
Today , for example , underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. said they expect to price a $ 150 million , 12-year senior subordinated debenture offering by Imo Industries Inc . 
Texaco acquired Tana before it completed those sales because Tana 's properties are high quality and near other fields Texaco already owns , a company spokeswoman said . 
If the three companies pool their air-freight businesses , their clout would be considerable . 
These statesmen might take counsel from William Robinson , author of `` The English Flower Garden '' -- the gardener 's bible since 1883 -- who seems to have had a Jennifer Bartlett in mind when he wrote : `` Unhappily , our gardeners for ages have suffered at the hands of the decorative artist when applying his ` designs ' to the garden ... . 
Analysts were disappointed that Digital 's new line apparently wo n't contribute much to earnings before the next fiscal year , which begins in July . 
The 1980s have spawned an explosion of consumer choice in America , in everything from phone companies to colas . 
The fact that stock pickers have bested a randomly selected portfolio in eight of 12 months has no bearing on the efficient-market theory . 
And centenarians fly free in first class . 
International Business Machines Corp. said it agreed to let Motorola Inc. participate in a semiconductor research project as part of its effort to bolster the U.S. semiconductor industry . 
Leftist leader Cuauhtemoc Cardenas publicly questioned Mr. Guzman Cabrera 's `` moral quality , '' suggesting he is part of a conspiracy to turn over the country 's oil , a symbol of Mexican nationalism , to foreigners . 
`` Kellogg 's main problem is life style . 
Brady and Breeden work well together on the plunge , despite the fact that the Treasury secretary opposed Breeden 's nomination to the SEC post . 
`` Many of the branches are very lucrative , '' she says . 
After completing the sale and paying debts , the trust and corporation will consider a number of options including a stock repurchase , payment of special dividend or investment in more gaming properties . 
`` If they ask advertisers to absorb the costs , they 're likely to lose all but a few who need sports , above all . '' 
Blunt Ellis , a Milwaukee brokerage firm , says part of the reason catalog sales grow in popularity is because consumers have more money but less time to spend it . 
Leonard Lauder , president and chief executive officer of Estee Lauder , said consumer magazines are suffering from what he called `` niche-itis , '' the increasing number of magazines that target the idosyncratic interests of readers . 
Commercial fishermen and fish processors filed suit in federal court in a claim that has ballooned to more than $ 104.8 million . 
Health Care Property Investors Inc. , offering of 2,250,000 shares of common stock , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
When the good fairy assigned to Slovakia hovered over the cradle of Edita Gruberova many years ago in Bratislava , she sprinkled her with high E flats , sparkling Ds , clean trills , and coloratura ornaments silvery as magic dust . 
`` Fund managers do n't like to have rights issues that do n't have an obvious reason . 
In the first nine months , profit was $ 113 million , or $ 3.04 a share , on sales of $ 3.19 billion , compared with $ 204.5 million , or $ 5.76 a share , on sales of $ 3.03 billion , a year earlier . 
NBI said that it has the funds to pay the dividend , but that it does n't have the surplus or profit required under Delaware law for payment of the dividend . 
By buying the space in bulk , they obtain discounts as high as 50 % , which they can pass on to customers . 
The maker of animal health and nutrition products said the business , Creations Aromatiques of Port Valais , Switzerland , and Woodside , N.Y. , is a division of its Mallinckrodt Inc. subsidiary and had sales of about $ 30 million for its most recent year . 
Pacific Telesis Group lost 62.5 cents to $ 44.625 . 
`` Margins will remain under pressure , and when the new mainframe does ship , I 'm not sure it will be a big winner . 
Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third-quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier . 
`` This is an exceptionally odd takeover battle , '' says London analyst Christopher Will of Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Now that a key member of the San Diego Yacht Club team is splitting off to form his own team , even more competition lies ahead . 
`` It now takes something really weird to inspire public outrage . '' 
Many American church-owned businesses , such as a $ 30 million factory to build fishing vessels , are defunct . 
'' His answer reveals his vulnerability -- it also draws the line that Soviet society must cross to enter the normal dialogue of Western culture . 
Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale . 
She said Wheeler Group was profitable but would n't give figures . 
All of this is what history will note , assuming that events do n't make it seem a bad joke , when the record of this time is put down . 
Mr. Kriz of Moody 's said the problems in the securities portfolio stem largely from positions taken last year . 
Frank Lavelle , who at the time was the marketing director for Sperry in Clearwater , Fla. , admitted participating in a scheme to bribe Garland Tomlin , the Navy official . 
In Oakland , officials said the 57-year-old longshoreman who spent four days entombed in rubble was in critical condition with slight improvement . 
The security command post , camouflaged as second-story retail space , has its own `` crow 's nest '' above the roofs of the other buildings , with a panoramic view of the entire center . 
Exchange officials also point out that Hibor futures were designed for institutions and corporations , not for the type of small individual investors who were very active in Hang Seng index futures and defaulted in the 1987 crash . 
Commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month . 
Two of Mr. Holmes 's business associates who worked for Venture Capitalists , Kimberly Ann Smith and Frederick Byrum , also consented to being enjoined from violations of registration provisions of the securities laws . 
But the companies said that Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents will market GRE life insurance , pension and investment products through its more than 1,000 retail outlets in the U.K . 
A cross-functional team at Union Carbide 's Tonawanda , N.Y. , facility , which produces air-separation plants , followed a similar path to reduce manufacturing cycle time . 
If the FDA approves the new uses of psyllium , other companies are expected to rush to market with psyllium products . 
In September 1988 , that level was 9.5 % . 
Finally , during his first and only state visit to Bonn two years ago , he won some measure of the recognition he had long sought . 
Citicorp , for example , said only that it had `` expressions of interest of a transaction from both the borrowers and the banks , '' but did n't have an agreement . 
`` They 're out there promoting like crazy , trying to get prices up by promotion , '' said Roy Burry , an analyst with Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
Early in the day , bond dealers said trading volume was heavy as large institutional investors scrambled to buy long-term Treasury bonds on speculation that the stock market 's volatility would lead to a `` flight-to-quality '' rally . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
January platinum closed down $ 2.80 an ounce at $ 486.30 , nearly $ 4 above its low for the day . 
Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir . 
Some adjusters , already in other parts of California , drove to the disaster area with recreational vehicles and mobile homes that could be used as makeshift claims-processing centers . 
AMR , the parent of American Airlines , fell 1 3\/4 to 68 7\/8 on 2.3 million shares ; Delta Air Lines lost 1 1\/2 to 66 , Southwest Airlines slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/4 and Midway Airlines dropped 1\/4 to 14 7\/8 . 
His guest appearance on the NBC soap opera `` Another World , '' scandalized musical elitists . 
Looking into Bally , he could hardly believe what he saw : a company with enormous real-estate holdings in major European cities and a market capitalization of 28 million Swiss francs ; it had 7,000 employees . 
If a new person got to work on part of the speedometer , that was a big deal . '' 
IBM rose 2 3\/8 to 104 1\/8 as 2.2 million shares changed hands . 
Mr. Bandler puts traffic volume at 10 to 50 times normal . 
Japan is not a political country . 
A half-dozen candidates , backing policies ranging from Thatcherism to watered-down Marxism , are given a chance of winning . 
The city 's main library is closed because of fissures that opened in its walls , and marble facings and ornamental plaster at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor . 
The fact that the city will issue such a large amount of debt was interpreted as a sign that New York 's budgetary problems are more serious than had been expected . 
He also told reporters the acquisition would give Paribas fresh diversity , bringing it properties in food and transport where it has been weak . 
Defendants include British Petroleum America ; Trinidad Corp. , the shipper ; and the pipeline liability fund . 
Eli Lilly & Co. , the Indianapolis-based drug manufacturer , dominates the U.S. human insulin market with its product known as Humulin . 
Grumman Corp. won a $ 58.9 million Navy contract for 12 F-14 aircraft . 
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more . 
Of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper , few reported any damage that they did n't expect to have remedied within a day or two . 
A recent agreement between the recording industry and electronics manufacturers requires that any digital audio tape , or DAT , recorder sold in the U.S. have a built-in device that restricts its ability to make second copies from DAT tape copies of digital compact disks . 
The sales are being dragged down by a glut of 1989 vehicles , said Joel Pitcoff , a Ford analyst . 
`` It 's just going to be sloppy , both on our side and theirs { the Warsaw Pact 's } , '' says one NATO analyst . 
Bonds due 2003 , 2004 and 2015 are n't being formally reoffered . 
Mr. Lang admits that Ms. is `` in dire straits '' and that Sassy needs big promotional dollars to keep it alive . 
Eprex , used by dialysis patients who are anemic , and Prepulsid , a gastro-intestinal drug , did well overseas , he said . 
If all goes well , it will parachute a probe into the dense Jovian atmosphere in July 1995 to pick up detailed data about gases that may be similar to the material from which the solar system was formed 4.6 billion years ago . 
`` Long-term investing -- that 's not Steinhardt 's style , '' chuckles an investor who once worked at Steinhardt Partners . 
On Friday , one analyst said , rank-and-file workers ratified a new labor agreement ending a three-month strike at the Highland Valley mine in British Columbia . 
In a Dutch auction , the buyer sets a price range and holders give a price in that range at which they 're willing to sell their shares . 
Dr. Lourie says the Justice Department interviewed him last July . 
However , she remembers the lean years and recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel . 
Curiously , he compares the Orange Workers to the ANC , which his father outlawed in 1960 . 
Vienna , Va.-based Legent said it expects to post revenue for the quarter of more than $ 31 million , compared with pro forma revenue of $ 25.2 million in 1988 . 
Philip Morris Cos. posted a 20 % jump in third-quarter profit on a 45 % revenue increase , reflecting strength in the company 's cigarette , food and brewing businesses . 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company 's shares climbed 37.5 cents to $ 20.375 . 
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders . 
And avoiding such losses will take a monumental effort . 
Many analysts believe that the Soviets ' thirst for dollars this year to buy grain and other Western commodities and goods will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much . 
Both estimates would mark declines from the 1988 net of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share , which itself was well below the record IBM set in 1984 . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
`` We 've gotten through two stock market crashes , and we 've gone through an election without any major problems , '' says David Hale , an economist of Kemper Financial Services . 
It was promoted on cable services , including MTV , Nick at Night and VH-1 , and premiered as the No. 22-rated show for the week . 
Mr. Blandon says the general allowed the Contras to set up a secret training center in Panama . 
As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers think twice before appealing a judge 's ruling , are reluctant to mount , or even support , challenges against him for re-election and are usually loath to file complaints that might impugn a judge 's integrity . 
`` He digs in the sand instead of hitting the ball , like a farmer , '' said Mr. Yoneyama . 
He can match Jackie Mason with his own Robert `` Sonny '' Carson , an angry street organizer who was convicted of kidnapping in 1974 . 
`` With the futures-trading halt , you could only sell stocks '' to cut exposure to the market , says a money manager . 
Thus , while Akzo profited less than many rivals from the boom of recent years in petrochemicals and plastics , it has less to fear from the current slump . 
Mutual-fund czar John M. Templeton has put his money where his moniker is , pouring $ 1.4 million into one of his own funds , the Templeton Value Fund . 
`` I quit after one try , whether I win or lose , '' he says . 
The Boeing 727 , en route to Honduras from Costa Rica via Nicaragua , smashed into the hills outside Tegucigalpa as it approached the capital 's airport in high winds and low clouds . 
But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets . 
Operating profit rose 5.3 % to 279.75 billion yen from 265.79 billion yen . 
The 27-year-old coffee cartel had to be formally dissolved this summer . 
When negotiating , Mr. Corry played his cards close to the vest . 
Sales were $ 4.66 billion , up 1.3 % from $ 4.6 billion . 
The White House has likewise avoided any involvement in Florida 's recent special legislative session on abortion , which anti-abortion forces had regarded as a key test of their ability to get state lawmakers to toughen abortion restrictions . 
Mr. Phillips said the company 's expected margin improvement will be all but inevitable , given that the company 's profitability was dragged down this year by an expensive move to luxurious , oversized new New York headquarters . 
By then , our little sand village of cars had been linked with a global village of listeners and viewers . 
On a number of occasions , he adds , he tried to get Warner to buy Guber Peters outright . 
`` People in the stock market were very much Thatcher 's children -- very young and wealthy optimists . 
The two executives are among a number of outsiders recruited by Reebok in the past few years to help it make the transition from a small start-up company to a marketing giant with sales last year of $ 1.79 billion . 
`` Those devices do n't give sufficient certainty to our bosses in Japan , '' says Yasuo Nakamura , representative of the Industrial Bank of Japan . 
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal . 
All the figures are adjusted for seasonal variations . 
Being held well below capacity greatly irritates them , and has led to widespread cheating . 
Litigation consulting had arrived . 
Ideologues on the other side of the border can also slow the process . 
Factoring involves the purchase and collection of another company 's receivables . 
Computer and software companies in the region are expecting virtually no long-term disruption in shipments . 
Several components that track the health of the manufacturing sector of the economy turned down in September . 
Best of all , they add , these growth issues , unlike their big blue-chip cousins on the New York Stock Exchange , are languishing at depressed prices . 
Perhaps it does . 
He says it accounts for 25 % of total sales . 
Like which are droppable and which are not . 
Gary Lukassen , chief financial officer , said redemption of the preferred shares , originally issued at C$ 25 each , will eliminate dividend payments of C$ 17.9 million annually . 
The new 3090s due next week will boost performance by only about 8 % to 10 % . 
4 . Make your due-process system visible . 
Stoneridge Resources Inc. said it will begin an offering of rights equivalent to 2.6 million common shares and valued at $ 22,750,000 . 
`` Look , '' he says , `` If the rest of South Africa wants to have an integrated melting pot , that 's their choice . 
`` That 's what they 're after . '' 
The new converters are `` a critical link between film and the television domain , '' says Joerg D. Agin , vice president and general manager of Kodak 's Motion Picture and Audiovisual Products division . 
They now are experimenting with measuring blood flow . 
Officials for Sun Valley , Calif.-based Verit could n't be reached for comment . 
A major boost to Mr. Rey 's respectability among the Swiss came in 1986 when he sold 60 % of his Phibro Bank to the conservative Swiss cantonal banks . 
Fortunately , the Hubble Space Telescope -- set to be launched on the shuttle next year in a search for distant solar systems and light emitted 14 billion years ago from the farthest reaches of the universe -- was moved from Sunnyvale to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida at the beginning of October . 
Pharmaceuticals were mostly higher , with SS Pharmaceutical gaining 140 to 1,980 . 
But the implications of such a shift to market approaches go well beyond the fact that Poland is already working on nationwide emissions trades to reduce smelter pollution , or that the Soviets plan to introduce marketable pollution permits in some republics next year . 
`` If you could say their business in the U.S. was mediocre , but great everywhere else , that would be fine , '' says Bonita Austin , an analyst with Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
`` The kinds of questions you had before have resurfaced , '' says Raymond A. `` Chip '' Mason , chairman of regional brokerage firm Legg Mason Inc. , Baltimore . 
Exchange officials reasoned that they would n't have been able to make such a rotation with the time remaining Friday afternoon , and with the stock-index futures on the verge of closing for a second and final time , the CBOE reasoned that its best course was to remain closed . 
`` Our intent is to spread them out '' to insure they are well integrated into the community , he said . 
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said . 
NBI Inc. said that it can not pay the Oct. 31 dividend on its Series A convertible preferred stock , allowing the stock 's holder to convert the shares into as much as 27.7 % of NBI 's shares outstanding . 
`` The industry is based on individual honesty , '' says Cap Hershey , a Lexington horse farmer and one of the investors who bought Spendthrift . 
Moreover , much investment is n't aimed at increasing capacity . 
Marcello Gumucio , president , said the company `` did well in the quarter as far as revenues and earnings are concerned , and not quite as well in terms of signing orders . '' 
The cash dividend paid on the common stock also will apply to the new shares , the company said . 
Thomas Jefferson sold Congress on the idea of the decimal system for currency , thus saving Americans the headaches of pounds , shillings and pence . 
The provision will help provide for tax liabilities that may stem from the restructuring . 
Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours . 
Also , most of the telecommunications equipment was out . 
But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services they do in Japan . 
Both issues are dated Oct. 31 . 
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year . 
Analysts peg the dollar 's recent weakness to an underlying slowdown in the U.S. economy , highlighted by recent economic data , particularly a surprisingly sharp widening in the August U.S. trade gap . 
`` But the tunnel 's just gotten longer . '' 
And David Riley , a federal examiner who worked under Mr. Scott , said he found his chief oddly upbeat about Lincoln . 
Mr. Morrissey , the Kentucky Fried Chicken franchisee , notes that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the royalties , or portion of sales , that they must pay franchisers . 
But not every company expects to report increased earnings . 
Heading the list : insurance , construction and technology companies located in the San Francisco Bay Area . 
Japanese government bonds ended lower after the dollar rose modestly against the yen . 
Mr. Honecker 's removal `` was bound to happen , '' says one aide to Chancellor Kohl . 
President Bush wants the Pentagon to get special treatment in coping with the across-the-board spending cuts that took effect last week . 
Assume that a TV network is airing a celebrity interview program with a live audience . 
This estimate does n't include claims under workers ' compensation , life , health disability and liability insurance and damage to infrastructure such as bridges , highways and public buildings . 
`` On the negative side , the market will be affected by constant supply in all sectors of the market , '' said William M. Brachfeld , economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc . 
South African gold stocks closed moderately lower . 
Former Rep. Robert Bauman , a Maryland Republican who lost his seat in 1980 after he was caught soliciting sex from a 16-year-old boy , has never regained his professional footing as a lawyer . 
Pegasus Gold `` has been on a lot of recommended lists as a junior growth company stepping into the big leagues , '' says Marty McNeill , metals analyst at Dominick & Dominick , a New York investment firm . 
Simple policy prescriptions in this case would be to improve debt collection ( taking the gloves off contracted collection agencies ) and to deny new credit to defaulters . 
The West German chemical concern said it will close the last remaining fertilizer plant in Oberhausen in the fall of next year . 
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal . 
Cray has indicated it will decide on whether to build such a machine before year end . 
Actually , the funds do fluctuate , but beyond the third decimal place . 
Republicans acknowledge that few people would be executed under the Thurmond bill , but they contend that is n't the point . 
The FCC took three specific actions regarding AT&T . 
But the market lost part of the early gains on index-linked investment trust fund selling . 
In its portfolio are such diverse companies as United Kingdom-based Air Europe ; Checkrobot Inc. , a U.S. company that makes supermarket checkout machines ; Norment Industries , a U.S. manufacturer of securities systems ; Com Systems Inc. , a U.S. regional telephone company ; and major real-estate projects in the U.S. and Europe . 
Roche Holding AG , parent of the Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said its group sales rose 22 % in the first nine months of the year to 7.32 billion francs ( $ 4.51 billion ) . 
Mobil officials said they have been studying ways of streamlining these operations since early this year . 
Australia 's inflation is expected to rise as high as 8.3 % in the quarter ending March 30 , but could fall to around 7 % by June , according to economists . 
She ordered the foyer done in a different plaid planting , and made the landscape architects study a book on tartans . 
Testifying before a panel of the House Banking Committee , Mr. Greenspan said the short-term value of the dollar on foreign-exchange markets is n't the primary policy focus of the central bank . 
Officials of PS of New Hampshire could n't be reached for comment . 
Odds and Ends 
He said that he was particularly interested in his firm gaining expertise in futures , options , mortgaged-backed securities , computerized trading and investment systems as well as mergers and acquisitions . 
After long stretches of this attendant ground activity came 20 or so lovely minutes of drifting above the Vosges watching the silver mists rise off the river and the French cows amble about the fields . 
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals because their credit quality was poor , '' says a bank spokesman . 
New construction contracts rose 8 % in September , led by commercial , industrial and public-works projects , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
This has been a week of stunning events behind what was once called the Iron Curtain and interesting shifts in official American policy toward Moscow . 
`` The Beginning and the End , '' easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's `` realistic '' period and it is the one for which he is most renowned . 
So far anyway , our alien visitors seem more intent on brightening our skies than pulverizing us . 
`` It 's no longer enough to beat the guy down the street . 
Mr. Skase 's statement cited four recent problems that he said had cut group cash flow by more than A$ 200 million . 
It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by New York ad man Jerry Della Femina and two top WCRS executives . 
The stock 's advance reflected ongoing speculation that Pennzoil is accumulating a stake in the company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
The association said its October index of economic activity rose to 51.6 % after having been below 50 % for three consecutive months . 
`` Latin Americans see Canada as a non-interventionist power that respects their sovereignty , '' he said . 
At the time , its shares were selling above their initial offering price of $ 19 , and bankers believed Staples would sell new stock without a hitch . 
A former chairman of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , Mr. Stein is an American Enterprise Institute fellow . 
Analysts on average had been expecting about $ 2.70 for Alcoa and $ 1 for Alcan . 
Drexel does n't have a Delaware office , but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon . 
Floor traders said there was a huge crowd around the Big Board specialist 's post where UAL trades . 
Sen. Kennedy , never mind his dubious credentials for the moral high ground , emoted brilliantly . 
In August , Asarco , through its Lac d'Amiante du Quebec subsidiary , sold its remaining one-third interest in an asbestos mining limited partnership in Canada for $ 11.7 million . 
He takes additional responsibility for newspaper sales and distribution of the Financial Times in North America . 
Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where `` there is great interest in games of skill . '' 
`` Campeau has too much debt . '' 
`` It 's supposed to be later but I just moved it . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
For more than a decade , banks have been pressing Congress and banking regulators for expanded powers to act like securities firms in playing Wall Street 's lucrative takeover game , from giving mergers advice all the way to selling and trading high-yield junk bonds . 
The unemployment rate was by far the highest in the southern , so-called Mezzogiorno region . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
At the same time , many of Spain 's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline in economic growth . 
The rise came a day after the year 's biggest drop on Monday , when the Nikkei fell 647.33 , or 1.8 % , in response to Friday 's 6.9 % plunge on Wall Street . 
Continental Airlines is a unit of Texas Air Corp. , Houston . 
But he said the industry has `` a good decade ahead , '' particularly if aging baby boomers fulfill the industry 's dreams by buying RVs . 
Contracting for non-residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion . 
Commercial paper holders have reinvested their funds , he said , and consumer deposits have been up in the last few days . 
Among the brands for sale are Beefeater gin , the No. 2 imported gin in the U.S. , and Laphroaig single-malt whiskey . 
Since 1981 , Indian military advisers have been assisting the Kabul regime . 
So far , investors have n't shown much appetite for Refcorp 's initial bond offering . 
In September 1971 California officials seized `` bootlegged '' lenses -- made by unlicensed companies -- after some showed traces of bacteria . 
I have plenty more at home . '' 
Mr. Staley replied : `` Legislation tends to be compromised . 
The spinoff argument , after all , reverses the current notion that assets are worth more to private buyers than to public shareholders . 
In an unusual display of openness , IBM also will be helping customers tie together operations that include lots of equipment made by IBM 's competitors . 
The proposal to sell directly to the public remains mired in bureaucratic quicksand . 
Payola is the practice of making illegal , undisclosed payments to radio station personnel in return for getting the stations to play certain songs over the air . 
First City , which recently purchased three small Texas banking concerns , said it would use the proceeds to pursue additional expansion opportunities in the Southwest and elsewhere . 
In Singapore , per-capita consumption is about one-third that of the U.S. . 
Some adjusters , like Alan Singer of San Diego , had been working in Charleston for nearly four weeks . 
Still others say , Why not take a chance on a high-octane growth fund ? 
Next Spring , the two will battle in local elections . 
The direct-mail industry , not surprisingly , is fuming at the injustice of it all . 
For one thing , Ms. Shere can draw on her cookbook , published by Random House four years ago , which is teeming with recipes for such specialties as kiwi sherbet , gooseberry fool ( a creamy dish made with crushed stewed berries ) and hazelnut `` oeufs a la neige . '' 
The so-called poison pill took effect Aug. 9 pending ratification by holders . 
Energy Service Co. -- 9.5 million common shares , via Alex . 
And , last but not least , President George Bush now views the changes in Eastern Europe as `` absolutely extraordinary '' and believes that Mr. Krenz `` ca n't turn the clock back '' in East Germany because the change is too inexorable , '' as he told the New York Times 's R.W. Apple Jr . 
Most of all though , the show is redeemed by the character of Mancuso . 
`` There are just tons of things that have to be considered , '' Mr. Fogg says . 
CALIFORNIA STRUGGLED with the aftermath of a Bay area earthquake . 
Proceeds from the offering are expected to be used for remodeling the company 's Desert Inn resort in Las Vegas , refurbishing certain aircraft of the MGM Grand Air unit , and to acquire the property for the new resort . 
Annuities are rarely a good idea at age 35 because of the withdrawal restrictions . 
If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval . 
The result is that the Senate committee has what amounts to veto power over every covert action . 
`` Whole areas of their bodies are neglected , '' she says , adding that clothes ruin the experience . 
Largely to meet tougher new capital requirements , thrifts reduced their assets $ 13.4 billion in August , by selling such assets as mortgage-backed securities and loans . 
I believe that number reflects a slowing economy . '' 
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country . 
Makoto Utsumi , vice minister for international affairs , said the ministry did n't in any way suggest to Japanese banks that they stay out of the UAL Corp. leveraged buy-out . 
The pride of Oranjemund is the 18-hole golf course -- with the largest sand trap in the world . 
`` That suggests there is a little more inventory overhang than some people expected , '' said Edward Boss , senior financial economist at Continental Bank in Chicago . 
Its maximum velocity is 72 mph . 
Three novels , `` The Beginning and the End '' ( 412 pages , $ 19.95 ) , `` The Thief and the Dogs '' ( 158 pages , $ 16.95 ) , and `` Wedding Song '' ( 174 pages , $ 16.95 ) , recently published by Doubleday offer an uneven sample of the 77-year-old Mr. Mahfouz 's talent . 
A spokesman also said margins for the company 's service business narrowed somewhat because of heavy investments made in that sector . 
Mr. Emshwiller is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau . 
It will continue to be sold in the European market . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 361,000 bid , $ 395,000 asked . 
The company is trying to fend off a hostile bid by two European shipping firms . 
Jaguar assumed its recently customary place on the OTC most active list as its American depository receipts gained 1\/4 to 11 7\/8 on volume of 1.2 million shares and Daimler-Benz joined the list of companies interested in the British car maker . 
For starters , racehorse buyers have to remember the basic problem of such ventures : These beasts do n't come with warranties . 
For the real estate industry , a watchword for the 1990s will be buy , more than build . 
A foul-smelling demon supposedly plagued a house in Mannington , Ky . 
In the first nine months , net rose 21 % to $ 93 million , or $ 4.52 a share , from $ 77 million , or $ 3.62 a share a year ago . 
Before that he was president and chief operating officer of Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp . 
A final opinion must be approved prior to the acceptance of tendered shares for payment under the offer , which was due to expire at 12:01 a.m. EDT today . 
Prime will still manage Ramada 's domestic franchise system when the sale closes . 
`` If you 're in the bond business playing the relative-performance derby , then even an extra 25 basis points ( 0.25 percentage point ) becomes an important consideration on a career basis , '' says Mr. Grant . 
Finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still yelling : `` I find myself explaining anything to Teddy Kennedy , you 'll be chasing stolen cars in Anchorage . '' 
They claimed that the Fed would first give a green light to the economy by making credit readily available and then turn on the red and bring growth to a screeching halt . 
But like other real estate professionals accustomed to California 's quake risks , Mr. Leventhal anticipates little long-term change in the city 's commercial real estate market . 
FileNet noted that it had cash and marketable securities totaling $ 22.5 million on Sept. 30 , and stockholders ' equity is $ 60.1 million . 
Sir Richard is also a non-executive director at National Westminister Bank and NatWest Investment Bank Ltd . 
It already has sold its retail , or individual-investor , brokerage network ; securities firms do n't need brokerage licenses for non-retail activities such as investment banking . 
The ferocious competition probably will drive some poorly managed properties into bankruptcy or new ownership . 
Thus , he asserts , Lloyd 's ca n't react quickly to competition . 
City and County of Honolulu -- $ 75 million of general obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , through a Bear , Stearns & Co. group . 
He added that he expects to talk to the Democrats who also wanted to cut the gains tax about drafting a joint proposal . 
They did themselves even more good . 
To maintain control over production and avoid overdependence on foreign sources , he says he still makes most of his furs in the U.S. . 
`` Maybe Akzo can surprise the investment world a bit , '' said Jaap Visker , an analyst at Amsterdam-Rotterdam Bank NV . 
The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees . 
On Isaac Stern 's recording it 's very biting . '' 
A Mesa official confirmed receipt of the offer and said directors would meet to consider it . 
The transaction would mark the entry of P&G into cosmetics . 
Amex short interest has been heading upward since mid-December , with increases in each month since then except at mid-July . 
Stephen A. Saltzburg , one of five trustees appointed to monitor payments to women injured by the Dalkon Shield intrauterine contraceptive , resigned , citing personal reasons . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
Bostic posted 1988 sales of $ 255 million . 
`` Impossible , impossible , '' say the Conradies , an elderly couple who have run the general store for decades . 
What about those caring people all over the country who are donating food , water and other necessities of life to these people who could be any of us ? 
A spokeswoman for Paramount said the company does n't comment on speculation . 
Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . 
Consider a $ 500 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by Citibank credit-card receivables . 
Although settlement talks had been dropped , attorneys for the two sides apparently began talking again yesterday in an attempt to settle the matter before Thursday , when a judge is expected to rule on Warner 's request for an injunction that would block the two producers from taking over the management of Columbia . 
The Justice Department said it is seeking to join a private lawsuit challenging a Pittsburgh suburb 's zoning ordinance that sharply restricts the locations available to group homes for the handicapped . 
Part of the problem some Europeans have with Turkey seems to stem from its location -- Turkey is n't really part of Europe . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the 400 funds fell to 8.14 % from 8.21 % , Donoghue 's reported . 
Analysts have attributed much of the summer 's spurt in spending to bargain car prices at the end of the model year . 
That produced little reaction from his boss , reinforcing speculation the government would use its two conditions as a pretext for avoiding full EMS membership . 
Visitors in his chambers say he could cite precisely the years , months , weeks and days remaining until mandatory retirement would force aside the presiding president judge , giving Judge O'Kicki the seniority required to take over as the county 's top court administrator . 
Such increased demand for reinsurance , along with the losses the reinsurers will bear from these two disasters , are likely to spur increases in reinsurance prices that will later be translated into an overall price rise . 
For individuals , the Packwood plan would exclude from income 5 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year . 
The law has prevented $ 216 million of unnecessary expenditures since 1986 , according to William S. Conn , president of the Kentucky Hospital Association . 
Higher sales of pesticides and other plant-science products more than offset a slight decline in the sales of animal-health products to fuel the increase in world-wide agricultural product sales , Lilly said . 
Gillette Co. elected Warren E. Buffett , chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , to its board , increasing the number of directors to 12 from 11 . 
But when the judge received his payment book , he disavowed the deal . 
Already , personnel officials are talking about the need for a `` Phase Two '' cultural-reform effort of some sort . 
While most American employees have their own private space , Japanese `` salarymen '' usually share large , common tables and rely heavily on old-fashioned personal contact . 
( But who 's counting . ) 
Lack of liquidity can also result from exchange `` reforms . '' 
On Manic Monday , the volume of German shares traded in London more than tripled to 2.2 million , and the volume of French shares rose 48 % . 
A bloated payroll and pervasive graft caused Pemex 's operating costs to balloon to 95 cents of each $ 1 in sales , far above the industry norm . 
That gives it an enviable strategic advantage , at least until its rivals catch up , but also plenty of managerial headaches . 
The big one : A company 's culture ca n't be radically changed unless top management first admits that things have gone badly awry and then publicly leads the charge . 
Mr. Kuehn , the company said , will retain the rest of the current management team . 
The odd mix of departments in the bill makes it one of the more eclectic of the annual appropriations measures , and the assorted provisions attached by lawmakers run from $ 1.5 million for a fish farm in Arkansas to a music festival in Moscow under the United States Information Agency . 
He notes that the Marshall Plan of U.S. aid to Europe `` did n't just throw money at post-war Europe , it also liberalized and opened up those markets . '' 
Once somebody eats one , they get hooked . '' 
Valley National , for example , had $ 470 million in problem assets as of June . 
For example , if wheat is being offered at $ 4.065 and bid at $ 4.060 , a market order to buy would be filled at the higher price and a market order to sell at the lower price . 
In nominal terms it rose 0.6 % from a year earlier before adjustment . 
The appointments are effective Nov. 1 . 
The soreness , he admits , went away about a week after the shot . 
Sales amounted to 1.011 trillion yen , climbing 29 % from 787.02 billion yen . 
Manville said it expects the plant to begin operating at the end of 1991 . 
The Arab states , always bitterly resentful of U.S. support toward Israel , realized they held an irresistable weapon -- oil . 
The company has said the paper is n't for sale , and has rebuffed Mr. McMaster 's earlier requests for access to Free Press financial statements . 
Sources in the industry and on Capitol Hill say a compromise that would placate the industry while addressing the SEC 's concerns may be possible . 
Shiseido predicted that sales for the year ending next March 31 will be 318 billion yen , compared with 340.83 billion yen in the year ended Nov. 30 , 1988 . 
As a result , both may now have virtual veto power over any UAL transaction . 
Policy statement P-5-39 sets out terms . 
Local pollution problems require cheap energy and capital for their solution . 
What if the only system that does work is so expensive that , at best , only the largest exchanges can afford it ? 
Japan had an unadjusted trade surplus of $ 1.82 billion for the first 10 days of October , down from $ 3.16 billion a year earlier , the Finance Ministry said . 
GE 's Power Generation subsidiary will operate and maintain the plant upon its completion . 
Under the terms of the three-year contract , similar to one reached at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star newspaper earlier this month , the 500 Globe and Mail workers will see a raise of 8 % in the contract 's first year and 7 % in each of the following two years . 
Atone 
A year earlier sales totaled 7.567 billion francs . 
Cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi 's `` La Traviata , '' Ms. Gruberova last week did many things nicely and others not so well . 
WCRS Group , for its part , will now be able to follow its longstanding plan of becoming `` a holding company for a series of media-related businesses , '' said Peter Scott , the firm 's chief executive . 
One of the reasons Bush administration aides are anxious to insist that the coming meeting will be informal is to avoid comparisons with the last such loosely structured superpower gathering , former President Reagan 's 1986 meeting with Mr. Gorbachev in Reykjavik , Iceland . 
The Hildebrandt course enables students to brush up on negotiation skills by role playing in simulated deals . 
Traders attribute the mark 's surge to a robust West German economy and higher rate differentials . 
Such people also typically hold negative attitudes toward the physically handicapped , the poor , blacks and women . 
Moreover , Mr. Shrontz added , production-rate increases that have been implemented on the 737 , 747 , 757 and 767 programs have resulted in `` serious work force skill-dilution problems . '' 
Many investors wrote asking the SEC to require insiders to report their purchases and sales immediately , not a month later . 
`` The banks we think would fit into our concept are either government-owned or not for sale , though Deutsche Bank would be able to pay a good price . '' 
U.S. exports to Canada jumped 11.2 % in August from July while U.S. imports from Canada rose only 2.7 % . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Tuesday on the back of Wall Street 's steep drop and renewed fears over U.K. economic fundamentals . 
We are willing to share the political burden of being host to America , an imperial power . 
But a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee will quiz SEC Chairman Breeden Wednesday , and Treasury Secretary Brady will go before the Senate Banking panel Thursday . 
THE CHECKOFF : At least somebody gains on layoffs . 
Already Chrysler has closed the Kenosha , Wis. , plant it acquired when it bought American Motors Corp. in 1987 . 
But Kenneth Leon , a telecommunications analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , finds the BellSouth proposal still flawed because the company does n't have to wait five years to begin buying more LIN shares . 
Charleston is historic and aristocratic , as your reporter said , but not haughty , as he suggested . 
In our system of advocacy , the trial lawyer is duty bound to present the best case he possibly can . '' 
In recent years , though , a passel of others flying the no-load flag have been imposing hefty charges -- all the way up to 6 % -- when an investor sells his shares . 
The company installed a prototype system that connects Dallas with Miami over digital phone lines . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 369.10 an ounce , down $ 1.10 . 
Whatever accord the three carriers reach , he said , he is skeptical it would create a separate airline . 
Analysts believe Cathay is approached for such swaps by other carriers on a regular basis , particularly as the popularity of share exchanges has grown among European carriers . 
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 47 million in cash , $ 35 million face amount of senior notes , and 49 % of the new company 's stock . 
On the surface , the overall unemployment rate is expected to be little changed from September 's 5.3 % . 
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine . 
Passport applicants now must give Social Security numbers , enabling the IRS to see whether Americans living abroad are filing required U.S. returns . 
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs . 
General Dynamics credited significant earnings gains in its general aviation and material service segments , an earnings recovery in submarine operations , and higher military aircraft sales . 
The pilots ' contract with Eastern calls for a mutually acceptable private arbitrator to resolve such grievances . 
`` Some of us wondered how our intelligence people could put so much stock in his information when he was just as close to the Cubans . '' 
James Linsey , a lawyer for the Air Line Pilots Association , said the pilots were extremely pleased . 
Tomorrow , Resolution Funding Corp. , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled thrifts , will hold its first bond auction at which it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds . 
American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are exhausted . 
Coke said it will test market a caffeine-free version of its flagship brand , Coca-Cola Classic , beginning next week in Charlotte , N.C . 
That in itself has got to cause people to feel a little more optimistic , '' says Glenn Cox , the president of Phillips Petroleum Co . 
Also , he notes , `` most corporate bonds are callable . '' 
But last week there were air-traffic negotiations between the U.K. and Japan , a likely first step to any commercial agreement between JAL and British Airways or another U.K. carrier . 
During the same period , the company has sold about 1.6 billion guilders of assets . 
The Palace , with its marble fountains and toga parties for high rollers , is already well-known for its Caesarean theme . 
U.S. . AND BRITISH LAW FIRMS announce rare joint venture in Tokyo . 
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home , education expenses and medical expenses . 
The New York company called the lawsuit without merit . 
Jim Beam Brands Co. , a division of American Brands Inc. , is the leading exporter of bourbon and produces 10 other types of liquor . 
Tandy Corp. , citing sluggish sales of consumer-electronics goods , said net income dropped 3.3 % for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
`` It is important to the cable industry that we have a vibrant and competitive pay-television marketplace , '' Mr. Malone said in a statement . 
The June killings magnified the problems . 
The 40-year-old Buddy L concern , based in New York , designs and develops toys under the names `` Buddy L '' and `` My First Buddy , '' he said . 
And when they lose , then we can expect China to stop aid . 
Warner and Mr. Azoff declined comment , as did MCA , where Mr. Azoff had also been discussing such a venture . 
But they say they ca n't make much headway because of a lack of willing leaders in a position to turn the tide . 
It 's now OK to deal with the U.S. , but not the Soviet Union . 
That figure has been inching up for several years . 
Mr. Krenz is such a contradictory figure that nobody has even come up with any good jokes about him . 
`` Obviously , things are going to have to go on hold for many companies . '' 
When he met with Mr. Bush on his return , Mr. Lee says , he told the president that the Chinese `` made statements to me that I regard as a first step toward reconciliation . '' 
Granges Inc. , citing depressed gold prices , said it plans to suspend operations for an indefinite period at its Tartan gold mine in Manitoba . 
He said his suit against Enfield seeks two years severance pay , equivalent to C$ 720,000 . 
Hong Kong officials announced last week that the base will be relocated to a small island to allow downtown redevelopment . 
Journalists and their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets . 
`` This is an opportune time to find mutual ways { to prevent } price shocks from happening again , '' he says . 
With limited budgets for television in a high-priced market , Mr. Florio 's higher recognition than his rival is a major advantage . 
Toyota Motor fell 40 to 2,680 . 
The strike ended Oct . 
Unocal Corp. 's decision to put its Norwegian oil and gas interests up for sale earlier this week is another step in the company 's strategic review of its properties , and shows that few of them are sacred cows . 
Paper and forest-products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia-Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity . 
The firm also will permit its members and the public `` to exercise their put and call options contracts traded on the Pacific exchange '' even if the exchange is closed , said Wayne Luthringshausen , chairman of Options Clearing . 
Yet Israel will neither share power with all these Arabs nor , says its present prime minister , redraw its borders closer to its pre-1967 Jewish heartland . 
Our October 12 editorial should have been more precise . 
In Japan , he 's known in racy weekly magazines as the `` King of Shady Money . '' 
Lung-cancer mortality rates for people under 45 years of age have begun to decline , federal researchers report . 
Revenue : $ 3.14 billion 
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 . 
Despite the initial support expected , trading in the contract is likely to start slowly . 
It closed yesterday at 34 3\/4 . 
South Africa 's current account surplus swelled to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of between five billion and six billion rand ( $ 1.9 billion and $ 2.28 billion ) in the third quarter , Reserve Bank Governor Chris Stals said . 
Aluminum Co. of America dropped 1 1\/2 to 70 1\/4 , Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 59 7\/8 , Asarco lost 1 3\/8 to 31 3\/4 , Reynolds Metals slid 1 3\/8 to 50 3\/8 , Amax dropped 1 1\/8 to 21 5\/8 and Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 26 3\/4 . 
There are $ 86,525,000 of 7 1\/8 % bonds priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.31 % in 2019 . 
For all of 1988 , union contracts provided for 2.5 % wage increases in the first year and 2.4 % over the life of the contracts . 
A spokesman for Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) says Mr. Thornburgh would be required to reinstate the units next year if an proposed omnibus crime bill is passed . 
Another ad pictures a tree ant , magnified 80 times , with the headline , `` For impact far beyond your size consider our regional editions . '' 
But the short-term outlook is so-so . 
The agreement also includes the purchase of Cross & Trecker 's Warner & Swasey ( Switzerland ) AG unit by a European affiliate of Murata Machinery . 
But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish . 
That paradox is Hong Kong 's economically rewarding yet politically perilous relationship with China . 
`` The { influence of the } U.S. is not being felt in Central America ; Washington 's decisions do not respond to a policy , and are divorced from reality , '' says Fernando Volio , a Costa Rican congressman and former foreign minister . 
`` We do n't just hand the customer the package . 
While they do n't expect the Fed to move right away , they say the case for lower rates is building . 
`` We had a lot of problems , '' Mr. Sinyard says . 
With the new TV spots , Ogilvy & Mather has opted for a family style with lots of laughter , hugs and tears . 
In Birmingham , which is 57 % black , whites are the minority . 
`` It 's like squeezing a balloon , '' Dr. Bailit said . 
NBC had five of the top 10 shows ; ABC had four and CBS had one . 
Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference . 
The film producer , owned by Madrid-based financier Jacques Hachuel , received a 5 % stake in the Barcelona-based publishing group . 
Given Hong Kong 's record , Mr. Mushkat 's `` realists '' might have sounded unduly conservative when the interviews took place two years ago . 
Guaranteed by the South Australian Treasury . 
Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co. tops the companies portion of the accompanying Insider Trading table this week . 
Mr. Belli , like many other personal-injury lawyers , suspects that the earthquake , which measured 6.9 on the Richter scale , will generate enough lawsuits to keep this city 's personal-injury and construction lawyers busy for quite some time . 
His doubts stemmed from the fact that several years earlier a Princeton University researcher , Arnold Levine , had found in experiments with mice that a gene called p53 could transform normal cells into cancerous ones . 
Volume totaled 132.1 million shares , which is about average for the year . 
Paramount said the gain would be recorded in its fourth quarter , which ended yesterday . 
The papers , which Israel says were discovered in Israeli-occupied Gaza , refer to terrorist acts to be carried out in the name of a group called `` the Revolutionary Eagles . '' 
One executive familiar with the Bloomingdale 's situation said , `` No book has been issued regarding Bloomingdale 's , there are no projections , so I doubt very much whether any bid has been made . '' 
-- Edward F. Dempsey . 
Last week , Mesa rejected a proposal by StatesWest to acquire it or merge . 
This conclusion , he said , restored the credibility of Tokyo stocks . 
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. fell 37.5 cents to $ 19.625 . 
He intends to add to the litigation staff . 
What 's more , the seven mail personnel aboard were missing . 
`` Some people flat out did n't know what to do , '' says Robert G. Lee , vice president for emergency planning and corporate security at Great Western . 
Cray made its announcement after the stock market closed . 
`` There will be a lot of malice . '' 
The concern grows out of increased efforts by the insurers to woo the small-business market . 
At a meeting with analysts , British Petroleum officials dispelled speculation that the company may take over a U.S. oil company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
`` This was an invisible , powerful force that 's almost impossible for a layman to contemplate , '' Mr. Warren says solemnly as the ghostbusting entourage packs up to leave . 
GE is defending itself against government criminal charges of fraud and false claims in connection with a logistics-computer contract for the Army . 
Grains And Soybeans 
Warner obviously does n't think that it is in its own interests to let Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters go off to Columbia . 
He added , though , that `` a lot of this is intentions ... . 
Still , Milton Hudson , senior economic adviser at Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. in New York , said : `` If you look back a half-year or so the evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector . 
However , in interviews later , both ministers stressed that they expect future OPEC quotas to be based mainly on the production capacity and reserves of each member . 
The environmental services company said that the discontinuation of unsuccessful product lines and an increase in baddebt reserves probably will result in charges of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million , most of which will be taken against third-quarter results . 
The hastily drafted measure could hurt California by requiring it to put up more matching funds for emergency highway assistance than otherwise would be required . 
We pulled that forecast , '' he begins matter-of-factly in a meeting with Piper , Jaffray & Hopwood Inc. officials in Minneapolis , the first stop . 
`` This is the second delay now in getting the product out the door . 
The rate among the elderly -- 12 % in 1988 -- was n't significantly lower than the year before . 
`` You build up a lot of tension working at a terminal all day , '' he says . 
The conservative bent of the incumbent appointees , named by former President Reagan , has divided Republicans . 
Spending by Japanese households averaged 290,782 yen ( $ 2,052.10 ) in August . 
Details of the commercial , which will be part of the brand 's 1990 advertising campaign , were n't disclosed . 
He started Arrow Roustabouts Inc. a year ago with a loan from a friend , since repaid , and now employs 15 . 
Third-quarter sales of the Indianapolis , Ind. , company rose 11 % to $ 1.045 billion from $ 940.6 million . 
The convertible capital appreciation bonds all yield 7.25 % to their respective conversion dates , when they become 7 1\/4 % current interest-bearing bonds until maturity . 
The Hun Sen regime has sent thousands of conscript laborers to die of malaria and malnourishment while building Cambodia 's equivalent of the Berlin Wall near the Thai border . 
Chairman and Chief Executive Joseph Corr was succeeded by Frank Lorenzo , chief of parent Texas Air . 
Regarding your Sept. 28 Politics & Policy column on the party differences over cutting capital gains or expanding IRAs : Why not compromise now and save the public from the coming infantile congressional political rhetoric that seems to go hand in hand with the process ? 
Revenue fell 5.8 % to $ 407.9 million from $ 433.2 million . 
Motorola is in good company . 
Despite seeing his plan for Israeli-Palestinian elections wither , the cautious secretary of state is so far unwilling to cut U.S. economic or military aid to force Israeli cooperation . 
In his affidavit filed yesterday , Warner 's Mr. Ross indicated he is n't buying any such argument : `` If Sony succeeds here , no written contract in Hollywood will be worth the paper it 's written on . 
This attitude is being waved away by sophisticates around Washington as little more than tough talk . 
SCI TV 's buy-out was an ace in the hole for Mr. Kravis and for investors in KKR partnerships . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
Shrinking profit margins in chemical and refining and marketing sectors accounted for most of the decline , said Chairman C.J. Silas in a statement . 
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J . 
As an employee of a major refrigerator and freezer manufacturer , I have been heavily involved in dealing with the political manifestations of the Rowland-Molina theory ( named after the researchers who found in 1974 that chlorofluorocarbons contributed to the depletion of ozone in the earth 's atmosphere ) and the Montreal Protocol . 
But U.S. intelligence , rather than rein in or cut loose its new spy , merely filed the report away . 
Prospective competition is one problem . 
Bond prices also jumped as traders appeared to read the data as a sign that interest rates may fall . 
Demand for the new version was enabling Lotus to raise prices with distributors and to hold market share against Microsoft and other competitors that tried to exploit the earlier delays in Release 3 's launch , Mr. Sherlund added . 
Chugoku Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- 
Analysts say the handful of hospital companies that are still publicly traded are benefiting from several trends . 
MACMILLAN BLOEDEL Ltd. said it borrowed 215 million Dutch guilders ( US$ 102 million ) from a group of Dutch institutional investors . 
`` Notwithstanding foreign ownership of Connaught , this accord would enhance research and development in Canada , '' said James Keffer , the university 's vice president of research . 
Mr. Mark conceded that Colgate 's domestic business , apart from its highly profitable Hill 's Pet Products unit , has lagged . 
( He reports his business is up slightly from customers replacing old stock . ) 
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running . 
`` We just do n't have the staff to { deliver } it , nor do we have the space or the time , '' says a spokesman for the Schaumburg , Ill. , electronics company , which has 5,000 employees in the Austin area . 
Meanwhile , Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the two lead lenders on the UAL buy-out , met with other banks yesterday to determine if they would be willing to finance the buy-out at a lower price . 
The pressure for change will rise with costs . 
Sluggish sales of the Beretta , and its four-door sister car , the Corsica , prompted GM to idle the two plants that build the automobiles for a total of three weeks this month . 
The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices , including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside audits . 
The Federal Reserve Board 's plan for a `` soft landing , '' he says , requires the Fed to navigate `` an ever-narrowing corridor . '' 
Unincorporated Business : Partnerships and sole proprietorships , professional corporations . 
Analysts say Mr. Suominen had grown increasingly worried about the state 's potential financial exposure as Waertsilae Marine 's losses ballooned to more than double the figure estimated in August . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Initially , the company said it will close its commercial real-estate lending division , and stop originating new leases at its commercial lease subsidiary . 
At a shareholders ' meeting in London , the tobacco , financial-services and retailing giant said it received 99.9 % approval from voting holders for plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets . 
The few big state farms take first crack at what does get made . 
He predicted the problem will be solved `` very soon . '' 
Georgia-Pacific Corp. 's unsolicited $ 3.19 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. was hailed by Wall Street despite a cool reception by the target company . 
Even excluding the charge , however , net fell 5 % . 
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker . 
It also owns Moody 's Investors Service , which assigns credit-ratings to bonds and preferred stock ; A.C. Nielsen , known for its data on television-viewing patterns , and Yellow-pages publisher Donnelley . 
Kellogg dropped 1 3\/4 to 73 1\/4 . 
Archive attributed the gains to strong demand for its products , continued growth of the reseller market and the acquisition of Maynard Electronics in February , which accounted for about 14 % of the company 's revenue . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3406.31 , off 
Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office , and in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business . 
She was devoted to Charles de Gaulle 's cause , accepting great financial sacrifice and considerable risk to become first a spy and then a one-woman USO tour for the forces of Free France . 
The rub is that the $ 28 million was plucked from the funds of this federally insured institution even as CenTrust was losing money hand over fist . 
Madison explained that a representative 's duty was to speak not for the narrow interests of one group but instead for the common good . 
President Bush signed a disaster declaration covering seven Northern California counties . 
He said traders should be on the lookout for how metals producers react to this rally . 
Operating profit rose threefold to $ 18 million , from $ 6 million . 
But board members say he took so long to decide how to vote that by the time he decided , it was too late to try to draw other members to his position . 
But some market players still think earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets . 
Florida National said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger . 
I will hereafter devote myself to serving him . 
Billing is included in a caller 's regular phone bill . 
Microsoft previously indicated it would have a strong quarter by forecasting its revenue gain on Oct. 4 , causing a $ 6.50 a share jump in its stock . 
Revenue rose to $ 372.1 million from $ 336.4 million . 
In Japan , the bellwether No. 111 4.6 % bond of 1998 ended off 0.03 at 95.72 , to yield 5.32 % , and in West Germany , the 7 % benchmark issue due October 1999 ended 0.05 point lower at 99.85 to yield 7.02 % . 
But Mr. Simmons has long ties to both Republicans and banking . 
Frank Mingo Dies at 49 
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 . 
General Motors Corp. wants to buy as much as 15 % of Jaguar PLC , marking its first salvo in a possible full-scale battle against Ford Motor Co. for control of the British car maker . 
Jack Kuehler , IBM 's president , said IBM is also considering letting other companies participate in additional semiconductor work but declined to be more specific . 
But they think promotions are limited . 
Petroleum companies were also popular because of expectations of a weaker dollar , which cuts dollar-denominated crude-oil prices . 
Revenue rose 95 % to $ 86.4 million from $ 44.3 million the year earlier . 
For now , traders say the foreign exchange market is scrutinizing both federal funds and events on Wall Street . 
Business : Restaurants 
Another upshot , however , was the chilling message the Bork hearings sent into the judicial culture from which the Supreme Court draws its talent . 
We need at least to consider and examine forms of controlled legalization of drugs . 
The baseball commissioner announced that the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would n't resume until Friday . 
Its contract expires Dec. 1 . 
`` Everybody 's confused and no one has an opinion that lasts longer than 30 seconds , '' said Mr. Zipper . 
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , remained upbeat . 
Almost any money manager holding stocks has turned in better results , while Renaissance has played it safe with Treasury bills . 
After all , she reasons , `` there were housewives with Nikons and degrees from cooking schools in France who would kill for her job . '' 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its offer for 50.3 % of LIN Broadcasting Corp . 
AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , enters into a $ 1.4 billion contract with India 's Defense Ministry to supply 400 Bofors FH-77B 155-mm field howitzer guns . 
The stock tumbled 24 7\/8 to 198 on volume of 2.8 million shares . 
His performance was so effusive and driven that the phrases rarely breathed . 
Intermoda will initially only send the textile and clothing section of the Quelle catalog , translated into Russian , to Soviet customers who have access to convertible currency . 
Deutsche Bank , Dresdner Bank and Commerzbank all also have expressed eagerness to expand in France before 1992 . 
Developer Steve Caspi says the same brand name indicates consistent quality , `` regardless of location , design or amenities . '' 
The planned turbogenerator plant is expected to go into operation in 1994 . 
It said it does n't anticipate any loss of principal on two of the loans , comprising $ 85 million of these credits . 
Many economists think the rise in the value of the U.S. dollar this year will further crimp progress in trade , because it makes exports more expensive and imports cheaper . 
AMR , which owns American Airlines , rose 3 3\/8 to 72 1\/4 ; USAir Group fell 1 1\/2 to 38 5\/8 , and Delta Air Lines rose 1\/2 to 66 1\/2 after posting higher earnings for the September quarter . 
The award was made by a federal court to the widow of a U.S. Forest Service employee who contracted Hodgkin 's disease after using herbicides containing Agent Orange in a weed-killing program . 
Those events continue to move at a rate , and in a direction , which leave informed commentary -- let alone policy -- far in their wake . 
Allied-Signal is a unit of Allied-Signal Inc. , a manufacturer with interests in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials . 
The best of the crop was last week 's season premiere of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' the NBC series based on a 1967 feature film about a black Philadelphia police detective in a small Southern town . 
Dennis Farney 's Oct. 13 page-one article `` River of Despair , '' about the poverty along the Mississippi , fanned childhood memories of when my parents were sharecroppers in southeastern Arkansas , only a few miles from the river . 
In Los Angeles , Arco Plaza was sold to Shuwa Corp. for $ 620 million in 1986 , and Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. paid $ 300 million for Atlanta 's IBM Tower last year . 
People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say . 
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections . 
Dealers said players shied away from the note sale because they were concerned that prices at the time of the auction might erode if the stock market staged a recovery , which , in fact , did happen . 
There , Mr. Shevardnadze felt legitimized to unveil his own peace plan : The U.S.S.R. would prolong a suspension of arms shipments to Nicaragua after the February election if the U.S. did likewise with its allies in Central America . 
But SONG founder Jeremy Kahn , a Harvard junior , thinks of nerds and geeks more as `` nonconformists , '' albeit with a studious bent . 
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans . 
Bank Building earlier said the restatement is necessitated by `` certain errors in recording receivables and payables '' at its Loughman Cabinet division . 
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings . 
Dresdner Bank said it will also buy all shares tendered by shareholders on the Paris Stock Exchange at the same price from today through Nov. 17 . 
He cited the case of a Swiss oil trader who recently put out bids via telex for an oil tanker to pick up a cargo of crude in the Middle East . 
But its thirdquarter earnings rose to 26 cents a share from 18 cents a share last year . 
That leaves the pilots still in need of cash totaling around $ 1 billion -- far more than either they or the flight attendants can lay their hands on from retirement funds alone . 
Sales rose to $ 406 million from $ 356 million the year earlier . 
Median family income was $ 32,191 , down 0.2 % . 
We do n't believe it . 
In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace and Electronics groups ; the new Defense and Space Group will contain the Aerospace and Electronics division and Advanced Systems , both based in the Seattle area ; Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia ; Boeing Military Airplanes in Wichita , Kan. , and ArgoSystems in Sunnyvale , Calif . 
It 's a real dog . '' 
But LTV , a steel , aerospace and energy concern , said it is confident that the Supreme Court will uphold the lower-court decisions and said it expects to continue discussions with the agency about a settlement while the case is being reviewed . 
CNW Corp. said the final step in the acquisition of the company has been completed with the merger of CNW with a subsidiary of Chicago & North Western Holdings Corp . 
But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven ( G-7 ) major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to Wall Street 's plunge and subsequent price volatility , lower U.S. interest rates and signs of a slowing U.S. economy . 
`` It 's a double-edged sword though , because it is also the most contagious kind of hepatitis . '' 
Treasury , Agency Securities 
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern . 
The LDP must make a decision immediately ; Lower House elections must take place before June . 
He says , `` Within a few weeks , we made deals with the government of Rwanda and everyone who had ever met or talked to Dian Fossey . 
Many adjusters are authorized to write checks for amounts up to $ 100,000 on the spot . 
Experience has shown that the most important element in predicting a housing-loan default is the down payment . 
Sitco had customarily tapped the Japanese bond market for funds , but it ca n't do that any longer . 
HomeFed plunged 3 5\/8 to 38 1\/2 ; its third-quarter earnings were down from a year ago . 
The House version would raise slightly more . 
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket . 
The Packwood plan would also include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , that would expand and alter the deduction for individual retirement accounts . 
`` Thank goodness it 's happening . 
Early this year Morgan and three other investment houses each received $ 25 million in advisory fees from Kohlberg Kravis & Roberts in its $ 25 billion friendly buy-out of RJR Nabisco . 
A Western Union spokesman , citing adverse developments in the market for high-yield `` junk '' bonds , declined to say what alternatives are under consideration . 
All of which has enabled those of us in Washington who enjoy wallowing in such things to go into high public dudgeon , as Mr. Apple and I did the other night on ABC 's `` Nightline . '' 
Italy 's wholesale price index rose 0.4 % in August from July and was up 6.1 % from a year earlier , the state statistical institute reported . 
The sale to the Chinese government of 330,000 metric tons of wheat under the government 's export enhancement program was announced after the close of trading Monday , but the sale was expected and failed to buoy prices yesterday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago . 
Mr. Smith recommends Cypress Semiconductor that is currently showing a robust 63 % earnings growth rate . 
Travelers up to age 99 get a percentage discount matching their age . 
Through August , the top five program trading firms in volume were Morgan Stanley & Co. , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Merrill Lynch & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
First Unilever , the Anglo-Dutch packaged-goods giant , spent $ 2 billion to acquire brands such as Faberge and Elizabeth Arden . 
b - As of Thursday 's close . 
Meanwhile , the index of the 100 biggest non-financial stocks , the Nasdaq 100 , gained 0.47 to 438.15 . 
The failure in Oakland of the freeway segment known as the Cypress structure was the deadliest aspect of the quake , although officials were hopeful yesterday that the death toll there might be significantly lower than the 250 initially feared . 
SciMed Life Systems Inc. , Minneapolis , said a federal appeals court vacated an earlier summary judgment in its favor . 
Taipei was closed for a holiday . 
The rest , he is confident , can be raised . 
J.C. Penney & Co. issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit-card receivables . 
The Credit Lyonnais purchase , for 33,000 regular common shares and 10,000 newly created shares , is valued at about slightly more than 80 million French francs . 
Quoting from the report : `` The stock 's narrow discount to asset valuation makes it a relatively unappealing investment at current prices , especially given the risk that our projections could be on the aggressive side . '' 
As the trial progressed , they were eager to know if the jury was keeping up with them . 
On two occasions the inflation rate rose to more than 10 % a year . 
`` This decision will have a very considerable impact , '' said Kenneth Abraham , professor of environmental law and insurance law at the University of Virginia , because many commercial insurance policies are issued by companies based in New York . 
Bowing to criticism , Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts . 
Kevin Logan , chief economist with the Swiss Bank Corp. , said that both PPI and CPI climbed around 4 1\/2 % year-to-year in September . 
Instead of replicating the S&P 500 or some other index exactly , some stocks are overweighted or underweighted in the portfolio . 
`` Then they said , ` By the way , two of the doors are locked . ' '' 
Not only that , Sony also agreed to give them a stake in Columbia 's future profits and buy their company , Guber Peters Entertainment Co. , for $ 200 million , almost 40 % more than the market value of the company . 
Last week , the government took three bills to the National Assembly . 
c - Yields , adjusted for constant maturity . 
Most of the measures would probably only start to have an effect on beleaguered Soviet consumers in two to three years at the earliest . 
Glenn Hall contributed to this article . 
Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up . 
They do n't like the risks they are forced to assume when prices swing so drastically . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.38 , off 0.11 ; spot index 130.09 , off 0.71 . 
But Sen. Mitchell , buoyed by his victory among fellow Democrats , strongly disagreed . 
The devices ' most remarkable possibilities , though , involve the brain . 
`` If the dialogue was based on the assumption that Arafat or the PLO would stop terrorism , and we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? '' Mr. Carmon asked . 
`` This process should point out that it 's not going to be easy for a firm that 's convicted of a felony to immediately jump back into the retail business , '' Ms. Bryant said . 
The Japanese company said the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino antitrust act for the $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia and the $ 200 million offer for Guber-Peters expired Monday . 
In addition , Black & Decker had said it would sell two other undisclosed Emhart operations if it received the right price . 
The Remic issuance supported prices of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae securities , which held up better than Government National Mortgage Association securities during an afternoon sell-off . 
The new chip plants `` wo n't be excessive investment , '' says Hajime Sasaki , an NEC vice president . 
By the end of this week , Drexel should have another three to four settlements , Mr. Cohen said . 
She added that the company was considering bringing sanctions against Mr. Greenfield for making `` grossly inaccurate and unsupported allegations . 
Gen-Probe was another active takeover stock . 
The decision , which affects millions of dollars of trading positions , was made late yesterday because the Pacific exchange 's options floor was shut down as a result of Tuesday 's earthquake . 
If growth regains its glamour among investors , a sluggish segment of the Nasdaq over-the-counter market could show some flash . 
The company , which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares . 
In addition , analysts have viewed the rights offering as a takeover defense that prospectively balloons the number of shares outstanding . 
It held that Testa is taxable on $ 44,400 of unreported income . 
c - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share and extraordinary gain of 14 cents a share from cumulative effect of accounting change . 
The S&P 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies . 
More recently , property rates have increased . 
It 's one of the most popular computer programs of all time , but analysts said the Quickview suit does n't appear to bode major difficulties for Apple . 
Football is the No. 1 thing here '' . 
He emphasized that the car maker only would bid for all of Jaguar under the right circumstances , and said `` those circumstances are n't right or possible at the moment . '' 
The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials , Senate staffers , advocates , and business and transportation officials . 
Earlier this month , Mr. Icahn boosted his USX stake to 13.4 % . 
Wilfred closed its Massachusetts schools earlier this year . 
The arbs may recoup some of their paper losses if the UAL deal gets patched up again , as they did in 1982 when Occidental Petroleum Co. rescued them with a $ 4 billion takeover of Cities Service . 
Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. is the adviser on the transaction . 
Having lost their faith in God , in social reform and in opium , Cairenes are left with nothing but their sense of humor . 
`` Our net income is n't where we would want it to be at this point , '' said William C. Ferguson , chairman and chief executive officer . 
This change in the British capital account required an offsetting change in the trade account , a change that could not be prevented by pegging the currency . 
The board and UAL 's management , he says , `` ca n't go back '' to business as usual . 
Defense experts say joint projects are increasingly squeezed by budget pressures and the desire to save domestic jobs ; some also fear rising protectionism as European unity nears . 
And the group will urge that the federal government pre-empt state rules on what must be covered by employers ' health insurance . 
A majority of old contracts were renegotiated by the deadline and settled at steep discounts . 
Revenue grew 13 % to $ 734.8 million from $ 650.9 million . 
`` The streamlined manufacturing process benefits our customers in at least two ways , '' Mr. Westendorf concludes . 
Pinnacle 's SunCor Development Co . real-estate unit 's loss narrowed to $ 13.8 million from $ 78.4 million . 
`` We were being overrun , '' says Steve Fiala , trails coordinator of the East Bay Regional Park District . 
Did Mr. Loeb , his tipper , breach a fiduciary duty ( and , if so , to whom ) ? 
Manville , a forest and building products concern , has offered to pay the trust $ 500 million for a majority of Manville 's convertible preferred stock . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Union Pacific jumped $ 1.375 to $ 75 a share . 
They commonly give two scenarios : One is based on interest rates that the company guarantees ( usually 4 % to 4.5 % ) and the other on the rate it is currently getting on investment , often 8.5 % or more . 
From a helicopter a thousand feet above Oakland after the second-deadliest earthquake in U.S. history , a scene of devastation emerges : a freeway crumbled into a concrete sandwich , hoses pumping water into once-fashionable apartments , abandoned autos . 
Many of the problems you presented exist in every part of this country . 
The maker of hand-held computers and computer systems said the personnel changes were needed to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing operation . 
The thrift announced the plan Aug. 21 . 
The exchange argues that the product , which the SEC temporarily approved yesterday , will help ease rather than worsen any volatility in the stock market . 
Goodson will pay the additional $ 20 million in settlement of the management contract . 
Egg-industry lobbying helped persuade six states to ban Mr. Maynard 's automatic egg-breaking machine because of fears over salmonella . 
In the third quarter , for example , junk bonds -- those with less than an investment-grade rating -- showed negative returns , the only major sector of the bond market to do so . 
Lawmakers , haunted by charges that some of their comments contributed to the 1987 crash , generally shy away from calls for sweeping new legislation . 
`` They are preparing the workers for what 's coming : foreign control , '' wrote Heberto Castillo , a leftist leader . 
`` But the question is whether things people are looking at will actually surface in live transactions in light of the current market conditions . '' 
He and a Dartmouth roommate established a company that restored three hydroelectric power plants in Vermont . 
He suggested that investors buy the shares of Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea , J. Baker , McDonald 's , Philip Morris and Sara Lee . 
The pilots could play hardball by noting they are crucial to any sale or restructuring because they can refuse to fly the airplanes . 
Considering how tenuous the security of that runway is anyway , the better option -- both morally and strategically -- would be for the Bush administration to blast the regime publicly , in terms clear enough for all influential Somalis to understand . 
But that does n't mean I 'm not going to get angry . '' 
When functioning normally , they make proteins that hold a cell 's growth in check . 
Nor do we see any reason to believe that a metropolitan Washington that has gotten fat and rich and lazy in the shadow of the federal colossus will change much on its own initiative . 
Some equity funds did better than others in the week that began on Friday the 13th . 
Chubb , whose net income for the quarter exceeded most analysts ' expectations , rallied 3 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 . 
Norimasa Furuta , president of Japan 's Mazda Motor Corp. , said the Japanese car maker is planning joint production with Ford Motor Co. in Europe ahead of the European Community 's 1992 integration . 
`` There 's probably going to be some pressure on occupancy and room rates over the next year , but after that you should see the market return to 80%-plus occupancy and regular rates , '' says Paul Rubeli , casino executive at Ramada Inc. , which runs the Tropicana . 
Waxman sells a variety of hardware products for the home repair market . 
However , HealthVest said the Tokyo bank indicated that it wo n't accelerate HealthVest 's $ 50 million loan . 
Analysts believe the car makers also will create joint ventures to develop new executive models , doubling Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
Separately , Reebok completed the acquisition of CML Group Inc. 's Boston Whaler unit , a builder of power boats . 
McCaw 's bid also has a similar clause . 
I 'm not going to address questions of safety ! '' ) 
Hoping to stay ahead of the pack , the company is emphasizing innovation . 
President Bush must appoint two other members , one a Democrat and one a Republican . 
And laws requiring the reporting of more varieties of transactions have enabled the IRS to rely on computers to ferret out discrepancies with returns and to generate form-letter inquiries to taxpayers . 
At the same time , the Johns Hopkins team and others are rushing to pinpoint other tumor-suppressor genes . 
Student loan defaults remain high at about 12 % , and the program has been rocked by allegations of fraud and mismanagement . 
Baxter International Inc. , citing cost-cutting moves and increased sales of its home-care products and dialysis treatments , posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 5.9 % sales boost . 
Many economists contend that deep cuts in the U.S. budget deficit are needed before further trade improvement can occur . 
About 900,000 units will continue to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange , Enserch said . 
But Citicorp has lost some credibility because it also led the unsuccessful effort to gain bank loans for the labor-management group . 
And for now , at least , the competition is n't the only enemy . 
Separately , the Ontario Supreme Court said it will postpone indefinitely a ruling on the lawsuit launched by the University of Toronto against Connaught in connection with the Merieux bid . 
Stock of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. gyrated wildly yesterday amid speculation that one or more investors may challenge the UAL board 's decision to remain independent instead of pursuing a buy-out or other transaction . 
Indeed , there are legitimate hedging strategies used by managers of large portfolios such as pension funds that involve program trading as a means of protecting the assets of their pension beneficiaries . '' 
Mr. Roh also said South Korea is taking steps that would free the won to respond to market forces . 
At 10:33 , when the S&P 500 December futures contract crunched to a 12-point loss under the force of sell programs , S&P futures trading was halted and program trades on the Big Board were routed into a special computer that scans for order imbalances . 
While he has bought and sold some USAir shares in recent days , he says that contrary to rumors , he has n't tried to unload his holding . 
A banking department spokesman added : `` Commissioner Brown does n't feel that money alone is the issue here . '' 
`` It 's fair to say there are more risks for the pound under Major than there were under Lawson , '' says Malcolm Roberts , a director of international bond market research at Salomon Brothers in London . 
He manned the UAL post yesterday with Christopher Bates , 33 , an energetic Long Islander who 's a dead ringer for actor Nicolas Cage . 
Officials familiar with the talks said Citicorp had discussed lowering the offer to $ 250 a share , but said that price was a talking point and that no decision has been made . 
Almost $ 8 billion of junk bonds that are considered untradeable include issues from SCI TV , Gillette Holdings ( not related to Gillette Co. ) , Interco , Seaman Furniture , Allied Stores , Federated Department Stores , National Gypsum , M.D.C. Holdings , Micropolis , Leaseway Transportation and Price Communications . 
But there may be less there than meets the eye . 
In the health-care segment , pharmaceutical sales increased 4 % and sales of hospital products increased 1 % . 
The base metal price has dropped 30.3 % from a year earlier to 78 cents a pound . 
A Wellcome spokesman declined to comment on the discovery of the antibody in Japan . 
As in other jittery times , many small businesses expect a particularly rough time raising funds as investors shun risky deals , seeking safety in bigger companies . 
Corporate efforts to control health-care costs by requiring evaluations prior to planned hospitalization and surgery have n't been sweeping enough to reduce the long-term rate of cost increases , according to a study by the Institute of Medicine . 
A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
And so on . 
Although lung-cancer mortality rates are increasing for the nation as a whole , the report projects that death rates will begin to decline in the 1990s for men and after the year 2000 for women . 
`` We listened to the Chausson ` Poeme , ' '' he recalls , `` and she said , ` You hear the first note , that B-flat ? 
So when next year 's psyllium crop is harvested in March , it may be smaller than the 16,000 metric tons of the past few years -- right at the crest of the psyllium boom . 
GOP pollster Neil Newhouse , of the Wirthlin Group , says polls this summer showed that the single-issue voters had about evened out . 
Local bankers and accountants help applicants fill out forms . 
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs . 
Under current copyright laws , it is considered `` fair use '' to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use or for use by one 's family or friends , while copying for purposes of resale or profit is prohibited . 
By early May , Moscow had delivered , for example , 1,000 trucks , about 100 tanks , artillery and hundreds of other combat vehicles . 
An interest rate is guaranteed for between one and seven years , after which holders get 30 days to choose another guarantee period or to switch to another insurer 's contract without the surrender charges that are common to annuities . 
Sales for the third quarter increased 6.5 % to $ 1.51 billion from $ 1.42 billion . 
The shuttle is slated to return Monday to California . 
None of this backlash could change the fact that Ms. Brown 's regime was remarkably undistinguished and unimaginative . 
`` Everyone is extremely convinced the economy is slowing , '' says one senior New York dealer . 
After one of the most amazing debates we 've ever seen on the cable channel C-SPAN , the House voted 250 to 170 on Wednesday to order $ 28.4 million in spending for a New Jersey arts center , a Michigan library and 38 other pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that was supposed to have been so abused during Sam Pierce 's tenure . 
Rather , it 's a device that could send shock waves through the president 's entire relationship with Democrats and Republicans alike in Congress , fundamentally enhance the power of the presidency and transform the way the government does its business . 
Moreover , some investors think a recession or renewed airfare wars will pummel airline stocks in coming months . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
`` As far as the FAA is concerned , '' says Matt Finucane , air safety director at the Association of Flight Attendants , `` flight attendants can work an unlimited number of hours . '' 
An adept bicyclist can leap from a dead stop to the top of a picnic table without losing balance . 
Brooks Brothers , which Marks bought last year , saw operating profit drop in half to # 5 million . 
If nobody buys , I bring my prices down . 
The reorganization will `` focus on the value and potential of assets , '' Mr. Spruell said . 
I trusted in his lordship 's wisdom ... . 
Mr. Deaver confessed to his alcoholism during his trial on perjury charges . 
Under current law , such suspects are immune from prosecution for acts committed while not British citizens . 
Neither disclosed details pending board meetings next month . 
AMDAHL CORP. , Sunnyvale , computer maker , annual sales of $ 1.8 billion , Amex , was closed yesterday and no damage estimates were available . 
That 's 115 % more than in 1981 . 
From what he saw on television , Mr. Chesley points out that Interstate 880 , which collapsed and killed more than 200 commuters , suffered serious damage while surrounding buildings appeared to sustain no damage whatsoever . 
Most of San Francisco 's tourists and business travelers already have left -- despite hotel 's offers of rate cuts . 
Deer , wild hog , armadillos and alligators are the glamour quadrupeds and the birds are innumerable , especially the herons and the spoonbills . 
Or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ? 
The increased demand would normalize trading and stabilize prices . 
Despite objections by the CIA , Mr. Bush also has agreed to the establishment of an inspector general at the CIA who would be independent of the CIA director . 
Thomas Stoddard , head of the Lambda Legal Defense Fund , called the prospect of the speech `` frankly shocking . '' 
For the nine months , Coca-Cola Enterprises ' net fell 31 % to $ 65 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 93.8 million , or 63 cents a share . 
But traders also said arbitrage-related trading contributed to the market 's surge , as buy programs boosted prices shortly after the opening and sporadically through the remainder of the session . 
Many economists see even slower GNP growth for the remainder of the year , with some leaning more strongly toward a possible recession . 
The pollution is also killing forests and destroying buildings that date back to the Middle Ages . 
It 's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room at HUD or just tighten a few screws here and there . 
Money-making course : wad-working . 
The first Barney 's shop is scheduled to open in Japan next year . 
In one , the lawyer for a 20-year-old resident of Columbia , Mo. , who was charged with drunk driving , argued that his client should be treated as a 21-year-old adult because his actual age should be calculated from conception , not from birth . 
Mr. Wathen , who started his career as an Air Force investigator and worked as a security officer for several large companies , built his California Plant Protection from a tiny mom-and-pop security patrol firm here in the San Fernando Valley . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
The clutter of the 1940s remains , but its color has drained away , and the will to overcome has been defeated . 
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons . 
Although some of the Japanese banks involved in the first proposed bid for UAL bowed out because they found the terms unattractive , observers here say they have a hard time believing that commercial considerations were the only reason . 
Already last week , Mr. Krenz started overhauling East Germany 's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media . 
One person familiar with Texas billionaire Robert Bass said he is n't likely to make any hostile moves . 
Early yesterday , bonds rose as investors rushed to buy Treasury securities on the prospect that stocks would plummet in the aftermath of the massive California earthquake . 
In the recent Housing and Urban Development Department scandal , for example , Rep. Thomas Lantos , the California Democrat who led the hearings , tiptoed through embarrassing disclosures about HUD grants secured by Sen. Alfonse D'Amato , a New York Republican . 
MLX , which also makes aircraft and heavy-duty truck parts , said the debt was accumulated during its acquisition of nine businesses that make up the group , the biggest portion of which was related to the 1986 purchase of a Hillman Co. unit . 
Chugai agreed then to fund certain associated research and development costs . 
`` In a way , that 's what this is , '' Mr. Gonzalez concedes . 
Kellogg surged 4 1\/4 to 75 . 
At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund group , money funds continue to draw the most business , says Michael Hines , vice president , marketing . 
The new board 's seven-member structure kept four CPAs , but the others were from industry and academia . 
Little Rock , Ark . 
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . '' 
But Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) , a vigorous opponent of the capital-gains tax cut , called the group to meet with him Wednesday night and again yesterday . 
After expanding rapidly during the bull-market years up to the 1987 crash , retail brokerage operations these days are getting barely enough business to pay the overhead . 
Josh makes clumsy passes at Kate when she 's seething with anger and fear , but we know from the outset that he 's not a member of the evil patriarchy . 
Yet some funds have pulled in their horns . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
When Chicago futures prices jump up or down , the New York Stock Exchange follows . 
The delays mainly affected sales of data base management products , a core area for both Computer Associates and Cullinet , as well as sales of other products as part of package sales . 
Nothing , I assumed , would be more hopelessly dated than a political satire on the Iran-Contra affair . 
WCRS says its debt will be cut to # 24 million from # 66 million as a result of the transaction . 
Hyundai Motor America , fighting quality complaints , declining sales and management turmoil , yesterday unveiled its 1990 ad strategy , tagged `` We 're Making More Sense Than Ever . '' 
In Spain , anyway , the 73-year-old Mr. Cela enjoys some renown for the novels and travel books he wrote during the parched Franco years , the everyday poverty and stagnant atmosphere of which he described in brutally direct , vivid prose , beginning with `` The Family of Pascal Duarte '' ( 1942 ) . 
His message is getting a chilly reception in Detroit , where the Big Three auto makers are already being forced to close plants because of soft sales and reduced dealer orders . 
Gerald F. Seib and Joe Davidson in Washington contributed to this article . 
If I die early , I win -- a hollow victory , since I ca n't enjoy it -- and if I live long , the insurer wins . 
As some securities mature and the proceeds are reinvested , the problems ought to ease , he said . 
Though no formal trade barriers exist , the Japanese computer industry is difficult for outsiders to enter . 
Cane & Associates touts its $ 2-a-minute service as the `` cheapest legal hour you 'll ever find . '' 
Of the 1,300 chemists registered for the society 's weeklong meeting , fewer than 200 sat through the day and a half of cold fusion presentations at week 's end . 
The clearance by the Food and Drug Administration comes after two years of restricted access for the youngest victims of AIDS to the only antiviral drug yet cleared to treat the fatal disease . 
It rebuffed an offer by Carl Spielvogel , head of Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates unit , to lead a management buy-out of all or part of Saatchi . 
Finnish government officials are negotiating with creditors of Waertsilae Marine Oy , a major shipyard that filed for bankruptcy protection this week , amid confusion and mounting doubts that collapse of the nation 's entire shipbuilding industry can be averted . 
A recent attempt to resume operations was cut short quickly by these attacks . 
Los Angeles will be the site of a new entertainment division for the ad agency . 
Several airlines , including Lufthansa , JAL and Cathay Pacific Airways , are working on a so-called global cargo system and are trying to attract other carriers to join , Mr. Daly said . 
For example , some securities analysts warned that stocks of certain insurance companies , which face massive damage claims , would get hit hard . 
Others preach the gospel of buying only blue-chip growth stocks . 
The reply of the Metzenbaums and Cohens is that we ca n't abolish these oversight committees because we 've seen too many abuses of executive power . 
As for joint ventures , Mr. Houghton said profit was `` essentially flat '' due primarily to a slow recovery at Samsung-Corning Co. in Korea following a strike at a major customer and the disruption of shipments to China . 
Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts ' expectations . 
Even if that scenario occurs , Westinghouse figures it is prepared . 
But vendors contend that they ca n't control how their products are used . 
Under its revised proposal , Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company and would be responsible for half of its debt . 
Advertising agencies and other service companies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most locales -- but the exemption comes at a price of exhaustive records and rigorous reviews . 
`` Nope , we still say to stick with Treasurys , '' Mr. Corcoran replies . 
The counter-argument , which he has heard , is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal , the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy . 
His pledge , in a letter to Democratic Sen. Byrd , came ahead of an expected Senate vote on spending legislation containing the provision . 
A Ford official confirmed in Tokyo that the U.S. motor vehicle maker is studying such an arrangement . 
A state trial judge in Illinois gave preliminary approval to a proposed settlement of a suit against a Bank of New York Co. unit , Irving Trust Co. , over the interest rates on Irving 's former One Wall Street Account money-market deposit accounts . 
`` Shippers wo n't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years . 
`` I do n't think he has a clear sense of where he wants the company to go , '' one says . 
Weisfield 's , based in Seattle , Wash. , currently operates 87 specialty jewelry stores in nine states . 
Tandem , which already specializes in on-line transaction processing , is a potent competitor in that market . 
`` Self-sufficiency has to be the cornerstone of your plan , '' says Stephanie Masaki-Schatz , manager of corporate emergency planning at Atlantic Richfield Co. in Los Angeles . 
The real tragedy , though , lies not in the family 's circumstances but in its concern for appearances . 
Whatever the outcome of a test case , President Bush would have to move cautiously becase the very attempt would `` antagonize not just Democrats but Republicans , '' says Louis Fisher , a scholar at the Congressional Research Service who specializes in executive-legislative relations . 
Certainly conservative environmentalists can defend their limited government position by differentiating between Old Environmentalism and New Environmentalism ( `` Journalists and Others for Saving the Planet , '' by David Brooks , editorial page , Oct. 5 ) . 
But opponents , led by the CWA , say new laws are needed because monitoring is heavily concentrated in service industries and 81 % of monitored workers are n't represented by unions . 
Ralston Purina will promote its Chex Party Mix 's three new flavor packets named for Charlie Brown , Lucy and Linus . 
Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding . 
There will be recreation and movie rooms . 
`` If you do n't know what the rules of the game are , it 's hard to start your fund-raising or design , '' said Dana Smith , an official with Team Dennis Conner . 
The chief economist of Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major prediction . 
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one-year extension . 
Meanwhile , several new issues were priced . 
Ten days ago he was asked to amplify the reasons behind his anti-abortion stance . 
Geeks , by at least one definition , are chicken-mutilating circus freaks . 
`` Norm Berry was a creative inspiration at the company , and nobody has filled that void , '' said Ms. Hill . 
The securities yield from 9.35 % to 10.48 % for a 30-year issue with an average life of 21.18 years . 
`` The interest deduction was the engine that made these things more productive . 
`` If we 're not headed for a recession , we 're certainly headed for a major slowdown . '' 
Criminal convictions under the federal Superfund law are rare , and the decision is the first jury verdict in such a case . 
The government predicts that annual outflows will level off over the next few years at as much as 60,000 -- a projection that is widely regarded as unrealistically low . 
Local farmers say it is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek , a legume . 
U.S. District Judge David Edelstein also permanently enjoined Mr. Lombardo from any future dealings with the Teamsters or any other labor union . 
On Wednesday , shares were pushed up by index-related buying on the part of investment trusts as well as small orders from individuals and corporations , traders said . 
`` You need to buy the entire lot , '' Mr. Seidman said , `` so get out your checkbooks . 
The Senate negotiators included Sens. Cranston and Riegle and Mr. Wall 's principal sponsor , Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah . 
Second , a long-term shareholder of a good company need n't worry too much when the stock price drops temporarily : It will bounce back . 
Half of those polled see the currency trending lower over the next three months , while the others forecast a modest rebound after the New Year . 
Such an offer could torpedo a plan by Lion Nathan Ltd. of New Zealand to acquire half the brewing interests . 
The Fed did , in fact , execute $ 1.5 billion of liquidity-enhancing customer repurchase agreements , the third set of repurchase orders in three days . 
The drug AZT , the only treatment currently on the market , claims only to help stop the spread of AIDS , not to cure it . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov. 20 , 1989 , to March 17 , 1994 , at a 5 % premium over the closing share price Oct. 21 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
Many Japanese companies expect record profits this fiscal year , and Japanese interest rates , though up a bit recently , are still low . 
Then , in May 1988 , Mr. Tisch urgently needed to make a bold statement to quell rumors that he might sell the network . 
Another person close to the talks said , `` It is very hard to justify paying a silly price for Jaguar if an out-and-out bidding war were to start now . '' 
Mr. Patel resigned as senior vice president of Par in April . 
It was the possibility of this demand that helped firm prices , the analyst said . 
A last-minute snag in negotiations with AMR , over an unrelated lawsuit between American and another Texas Air unit , caused the deal to collapse . 
Supposedly , he proposed the movie to his producer , Claude Berri , in four lines : 
But prices later reversed course , finishing slightly lower , as investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack . 
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 . 
In audio equipment , sales rose 13 % to 44.3 billion yen from 39.19 billion yen . 
`` Guys were minting money in there today , '' said John Legittino , a futures broker for Elders Futures Inc. in Chicago . 
Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . 
And he said the weakness could continue in the first half of next year . 
It will compare 21 different blends of gasolines with three mixtures of up to 85 % methanol . 
One especially dangerous aspect to the new tax would be that the proceeds will be used to increase the budgets of the antitrust division at Justice and the Federal Trade Commission . 
He is known as the father of the U.S.-grown Granny Smith , a radically different apple that the conventional wisdom once said would never catch on . 
Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month , sending about 2,000 of them to the U.S. and keeping the rest for sale in Japan . 
Last month , Saab-Scania Chief Executive Georg Karnsund said his company has had talks with Fiat about a broader alliance . 
Not many people know the details of Mr. Morishita 's business , but it 's a source of rumors about shady dealings . 
British government restrictions prevent any single shareholder from going beyond 15 % before the end of 1990 without government permission . 
The resulting haunted house tends to reward followership , not leadership , it creates guilt about wearing the uniform , and raises doubt about having the will to fulfill the ghosts ' role , i.e. , to be able to win if called on . 
On second thought , make that just mom . 
Maxicare said the plan stipulates that enrollees in the company 's health plans will have valid claims covered in full . 
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind . 
`` We were expecting it , following the fall of the Dow Friday , '' said Brenda Malizia Negus , editor of Money Fund Report . 
Woodstream 's Victor-brand mousetraps and other pest-control products are `` doing very well , '' and its plastic storage-case products `` are poised for growth , '' he said . 
It also would have reduced mandatory overtime . 
The Soviet entrenchment in Nicaragua is alarming for Costa Rica , a peaceful democracy without an army . 
The suit , filed in federal court in Manhattan , charges that New York 's mandatory retirement age of 76 violates federal law . 
`` No , darling , '' she said recently in her fluent , slightly affected English , during a trip East to promote Movieline 's national expansion . 
At best , she realizes , they will rise more slowly -- more slowly , she hopes , than her family 's income . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 130.13 , up 0.23 ; spot index 130.46 , up 0.10 . 
`` We will support it , we will thank him , and we will augment it where appropriate , '' said Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif . ) . 
One example he gives : `` She did n't ask '' ( why the Palestinian children are soldiers throwing stones ) . 
Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill , perhaps a measure raising the federal borrowing limit or a second tax bill that would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation . 
But even though NATO negotiators have only 10 months left under the Bush timetable , they are still wrestling over such seemingly fundamental questions as `` What is a tank ? '' 
By the end of the century scientists had embraced the system . 
The seven-day compound yield of the Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar Fund was 9.51 % . 
But new-product development will make Japanese companies stronger , and big investments in `` domestic '' industries such as beer will make it even tougher for foreign competitors to crack the Japanese market . 
Right away you notice the following things about a Philip Glass concert . 
Despite the yen 's weakness with respect to the mark , Tokyo traders say they do n't expect the Bank of Japan to take any action to support the Japanese currency on that front . 
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem . 
If he were brilliant , he probably would not be a family doctor in the first place . 
The foreign-exchange and government securities markets are vastly larger . 
The third-largest thrift institution in Puerto Rico also said it expects a return to profitability in the third quarter when it reports operating results this week . 
Its third-quarter earnings were lower than analysts had forecast , and the company said it had lowered its projections for earnings growth through the end of 1990 because of planned price cuts . 
Contrary to what might be expected based on the headline on John R. Dorfman 's recent Money Matters article ( `` Pros Hit Theorists Right Where It Hurts '' Oct. 3 ) , I was able to stand proudly before my undergraduate finance students and proclaim that the findings of your yearlong experiment on stock picking is completely consistent with what they have been taught in the classroom . 
`` You 're telling someone they can spend the next three or four or five or six years of their life bringing about the most difficult and costly modernization of an information system on the civil side ever , '' Mr. Goldberg said . 
It is more difficult to deny a general bigotry in seeing things only the Japanese way . 
The company expects all branches to reopen today . 
The company said Mr. McKinney plans to retire because the process of affiliating American Fletcher into Banc One `` is considered completed . '' 
Unless parents and educators alike start to develop more discipline in children , all the worthy concern , discussions and actions will not solve the problem . 
11:54 p.m . 
If the market surges , holders can make that much more profit ; the leverage effectively acts as an interest-free margin account for investors . 
`` We expect near-term sluggishness in the electronics market , '' he said , `` and we will take ongoing cost-reduction actions as necessary to keep operations aligned with demand . '' 
`` We are having a regular day . 
Under current rules , that accrued interest is deductible by the company issuing the debt . 
A price was n't disclosed . 
Jamaica Fires Back 
The machinists also asked for an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission into possible securities-law violations in the original bid for UAL by Mr. Davis , as well as in the response by UAL . 
And housing though it appears in the popular mind as being the major { growing } household asset , is n't . '' 
For example , insurers may seek to limit their future exposure to catastrophes by increasing the amount of reinsurance they buy . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
-- John Drybred . 
And they wo n't consider such a dividend , the trust added , before results are available for the first quarter of 1990 . 
`` We have men who only buy their shirts and underwear here or younger customers who only buy their { job } interview suit here , '' says William Roberti , chairman and chief executive officer of Brooks Brothers . `` 
Then , when the currency falls , interest rates are raised to attract financial flows in order to stabilize the exchange rate . 
12:15 a.m . 
Digital Equipment Corp. reported a 32 % decline in net income on a modest revenue gain in its fiscal first quarter , causing some analysts to predict weaker results ahead than they had expected . 
That will involve a substantial increase in overseas manufacturing capacity , he acknowledged , but did n't provide specific details . 
For journalists , however , who write what they fondly view as history 's first draft , this has also been a week to give a lot of space and time to Ron and Nancy 's sales appearance in Japan on behalf of a communications giant and its controversial founder . 
As many of these jobs are filled by local residents , who move from the welfare rolls to the tax rolls , the $ 2,500-per-job public investment should repay itself in a few years . 
`` It 's just not cost efficient , '' he says . 
NBC , a leader in morning , prime-time and late night programs but an also-ran on Saturday mornings , when children rule the TV set , is contemplating getting out of the cartoon business . 
That went over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings . 
The product automates an array of functions performed at small to medium-size printing companies . 
Finally , the government has to convince a rattled financial community -- and voters -- it is proceeding coherently toward its goals . 
PUTS AND CALLS , STOCK MARKET PATOIS for options to sell or buy a company 's shares , were long an arcane Wall Street art best left to the experts , who used them either as a hedge or for pure speculation . 
They took more than 25 % casualties ; journalists report that they faced minefields without mine detectors . 
European dealers continued to dominate the action in old masters , which Sotheby 's North America had lately been touting in this country . 
NIH staff members believe the guidelines are essential to prevent the escalation of problems that have already begun to surface in scientific ventures . 
The legislator , Enrique Garcia , had actively backed the plant , but at the original site in his constituency northwest of Manila . 
During the past 15 years , the report showed , housing prices increased nearly fivefold . 
The $ 1.1 billion T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund was among the funds that borrowed during the Campeau crisis , says George J. Collins , president of T. Rowe Price Associates Inc . 
Sales in the first half came to 159.92 billion yen , compared with 104.79 billion yen in the four-month period . 
Bankers say , however , that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price . 
TRUSTEE WHO MONITORED settlement payments to Dalkon Shield claimants quits . 
A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will further increase William Coors 's influence or reduce the influence of Jeffrey Coors , Peter Coors or Joseph Coors Jr. , who run the company 's three operating units . 
Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said . 
Mr. Thompson calls discounting `` a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , '' and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle . 
State investigators dispute that view now , particularly in light of the judge 's various business dealings in Cambria County . 
So does Mr. Friend and his law partner , Nick Nichols . 
The local American Legion color guard led the way . 
Ms. Hall expects Cathay 's profit to grow around 13 % annually this year and next . 
Although you may have forgotten , public opinion about Gen. Noriega is where it is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics smuggling ( and simultaneous work as a U.S. operative ) . 
Was this why some of the audience departed before or during the second half ? 
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega 's insurance policy . 
His attorneys claim he was framed by the FBI and New York police as part of a campaign to destroy the black liberation movement of the 1960s . 
GTE shut down its cafeteria Tuesday afternoon after testing determined that at least one cafeteria worker employed by GTE 's private food vending contractor , ARA Services Inc. , was suffering from a strain of the virus , officials said . 
Trifari now trains sales help to advise customers on the best earring styles . 
At the GM stall , they barely looked at a gleaming Cadillac , preferring to talk about cooperation possibilities . 
`` If one thinks that rates are going down , you do n't care how much supply is coming . '' 
At Wells Rich , Ms. Heller will concentrate on accounts that include Philip Morris 's Benson & Hedges cigarette brand , which relies on print ads , Ms. Heller 's specialty . 
Mr. Barnicle was hardly kinder to the renderings of colleagues Michael Madden ( `` appears to be a pervert '' ) , Will McDonough ( `` looks as if he drove for Abe Lincoln '' ) or Bella English , whose `` little girl now screams hysterically every time she sees a newspaper . '' 
In the third quarter , the company , which is 61%-owned by Murphy Oil Corp. of Arkansas , had a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or 91 cents a share , compared with a restated loss of $ 9 million , or 18 cents a share , a year ago . 
But as Drexel analyst Linda Dunn notes , its properties will be developed over 15 to 20 years . 
Leverage is never a problem for the traditional `` open end '' mutual funds , which are n't publicly traded and are n't allowed to use leverage at all . 
Died : Alfred Hayes , 79 , former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Saturday , in New Canaan , Conn . 
Under construction is the strip 's 24th showroom , the future home of Lexus , a luxury marque launched by Toyota Motor Corp. just two months ago . 
`` We 've had a good relationship with GE , which is the first time you could say that -- uh , let me withdraw that . 
The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses , and its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant . 
Official trading in the shares will start in London , Paris and Brussels on Nov. 6 , when the French-franc denominated offering , valued at the equivalent of nearly $ 1 billion , comes to market in the European Community . 
Who is going to carry the water ? ' '' 
This trend appears to be especially true at General Motors Corp. , which used both dealer and consumer incentives to ignite sales in August and September . 
However , `` we are n't currently doing anything . 
Still , says John Sullivan , a management recruiter with Daniel Roberts Inc. of Boston , who has held senior sales positions at Polaroid and Atari : `` The customer will react to strength . 
Two big stocks involved in takeover activity saw their short interest surge . 
The ice samples are an important piece of evidence supporting theories that the Earth has warmed considerably in recent times , largely because of pollutants in the air , and will warm far more in the century ahead . 
A broker may have to approach as many as 20 underwriters who insure the endeavors on behalf of the syndicates . 
Combined revenue for the latest quarter of Time Warner was $ 2.2 billion , compared with the year-ago Time revenue of $ 1.1 billion . 
Seats are quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked . 
I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at a few minutes before eight this morning . 
French chemicals group , Orkem S.A. , said Wednesday it has made a bid for control of Coates Brothers PLC , a British manufacturer of inks and polyester resins . 
Paramedics were called . 
Nicaragua 's Ortega postponed until today a decision on whether to end a 19-month-old cease-fire in the conflict with the Contra rebels . 
Mr. Zipper said the market is still settling down after the recent correction . 
`` If it were an open market , we would have been in in 1983 or 1984 , '' says Eckhard Pfeiffer , who heads Compaq Computer Corp. 's European and international operations . 
The high court majority said it was up to the state courts for now to decide whether the definition has any bearing on other state laws . 
In March , Qintex sold 49 % of the three Mirage resorts to Japan 's Nippon Shinpan Co. and Mitsui & Co. for A$ 433 million . 
CNBC is a joint venture of the National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Cablevision System Corp . 
Amid the swirl of punitive rhetoric surrounding the issue , one critical question involves whether a federal death penalty , on top of existing state laws , would deter any would-be criminals . 
The remaining 51 % of the joint venture will be controlled by Polish lubricants manufacturers , refiners and technical institutes . 
Bethlehem is also working with the United Steelworkers union to consolidate BethForge 's two machine shops and four heat-treatment facilities of the press-forge operations . 
But that ghost would n't settle for words , he wanted money and people -- lots . 
It could work . 
The proposal values the company 's real estate operation at $ 2 billion . 
A genetic probe showed the hemoglobin gene was missing , the researchers report in the medical journal Lancet . 
The new firm , Hutton Ingram Yuzek Gainen Carroll & Bertolotti , will be based in New York . 
House Banking Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) said Sen. Cranston volunteered to appear before the House committee , if necessary . 
Some even claim the group has become a lagging , not leading , indicator . 
Others were the capital-gains cut , Section 89 repeal , the disabled workers bill , and the unprecedented reconsideration of the catastrophic health act . 
The calculations generally rely on an after-tax rate of return of 8 % annually -- a rate historically obtainable by the individual in only one place , the stock market . 
`` Their attitude is , ` You want to talk mainframes , we 'll talk mainframes , ' '' says one computer industry executive . 
The company has said it is prepared to make a bid for all of the shares outstanding of Jaguar if British government restrictions to such a transaction are removed . 
It will take several weeks to repair the bridge , and several months to repair some of the 101 connections . 
The latest 10-year Treasury was quoted at 100 22\/32 to yield 7.88 % , compared with 100 17\/32 to yield 7.9 % . 
That 's good news for marketers of walking shoes . 
He says his son has n't paid for the shares . 
The Nationalists withdrew in 1950 , after their flight to Taiwan , and the Communist government in Beijing applied for restoration of China 's membership in July 1986 . 
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter . 
Participants in the U.S. missions to Canada are to be assisted by members of the Service Corps of Retired Executives , a volunteer group , in dealing with their export challenges . 
But Richard Ketchum , the SEC 's market regulation chief , said he did n't believe `` this will spawn dramatic new program-trading strategies that will be destabilizing . '' 
In fact , at one point Merry Chase ( Melinda Mullins ) , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the savings and loan industry . 
`` Obviously , we are looking at making economies across the board . '' 
U.S. companies developing management teams are wrestling with how to handle individual suggestion systems . 
The National Taxpayers Union would like Congress to add 800,000 acres to the 453,000 of shoreline in the system by enacting `` The Coastal Barrier Improvement Act of 1989 . '' 
Four workers at GTE Corp. 's headquarters have been diagnosed as having hepatitis , and city health officials are investigating whether a cafeteria worker may have exposed hundreds of other GTE employees to the viral infection , company and city officials said . 
It 's a California crime saga worthy of an Erle Stanley Gardner title : The Case of the Purloined Palm Trees . 
Dictates of good sense to the contrary not withstanding , the general inclination was to believe that the disturbance would be brief and that ball would be played . 
DPC holds about 7.8 % of Dataproducts ' shares . 
To encourage more competition among exporting countries , the U.S. is proposing that export subsidies , including tax incentives for exporters , be phased out in five years . 
The National Cancer Institute also projected that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate . 
Other scandal survivors are sometimes the best source of solace . 
Meanwhile , underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. are expected today to price a $ 350 million high-yield offering by Continental Cablevision Inc . 
`` The terms announced today are strictly between the United States and Gulf Power , '' said U.S. Attorney Robert L. Barr . 
Finally , the theory suggests why Republicans generally have fared better in Senate races than in campaigns for the House . 
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor . 
Not everyone believes that the good times are over for shippers . 
The central bank also unexpectedly raised the base rate by half a percentage point to 3.75 % Oct. 11 as part of an inflation-fighting move that indirectly increases interest rates charged on new home construction loans . 
In East Berlin , Communist Party officials considered legalizing New Forum , the country 's largest opposition alliance , as about 20,000 demonstrators staged protests in three cities to press demands for democratic freedoms . 
In this case , that 's about $ 250,000 . 
NRM Energy Co. said it filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission calling for it to restructure into a corporation from a limited partnership . 
`` One is the panic , the earthquake in San Francisco , which is positive . '' 
Steelmakers announced a round of base-price increases last year , but began offering sizable discounts over the summer . 
In addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage , the insurer must cover worker-compensation claims and also losses due to businesses being shut down by lack of power or phone service . 
Loud rock music accompanies all the scene changes , even those in the convent . 
`` Here in south Texas we say Tie-vole-ee , '' my host gently corrects . 
John Harland , which will replace American Medical International on the S&P 500 following Wednesday 's close , gained 5\/8 to 24 1\/8 . 
Gillette South Africa employs about 250 people . 
( The official asked not to be named . ) 
Another reason for the intensity of the trade problems is that Beijing has extended the current clampdown on imports beyond the usual target of consumer products to include steel , chemical fertilizers and plastics . 
What is of much more importance to the Colombian economy than the supposed benefits of laundered drug money is higher prices for Colombia 's legitimate products . 
`` We 're being bombarded by new Treasury and agency debt offerings , '' said William Sullivan Jr. , director of money-market research at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
However , with airline stocks cratering , he might not get a very good price for his shares , traders say . 
Interest payments on the bonds will be payable semiannually . 
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status . 
That 's well above what bonds or bank certificates have paid . 
He said the market 's volatility disturbs him , but that all the exchange can do is `` slow down the process '' by using its circuit breakers and shock absorbers . 
Proceeds from the note sale will be used to repay a portion of the bank borrowings used by Beatrice to redeem its $ 526.3 million principal amount of increasing rate debentures in August . 
Since then , further research argues that failure to take account of quality improvements has contributed a total of at least 0.26 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate . 
Company auditors are continuing their review , and final restated figures are n't yet available . 
Stocks retreated to session lows just after the opening amid worries about the market impact of the quake , but quickly snapped back to higher levels with the help of futures-related program buying . 
Ford might succeed because many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid or institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties . 
They trotted out another crop of instant commercials after the sudden market dip a few weeks ago . 
Manville Corp. said it offered to buy $ 500 million of its convertible preferred stock from the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust in a move that would improve the trust 's liquidity and reduce the potential number of Manville shares outstanding . 
`` I may want to offer additional amendments to improve it when the bill comes to the floor , '' said Sen. David Boren ( D. , Okla. ) , a leader of those Democrats . 
Even the Bank of China , which normally took weeks to process letters of credit , was settling the letters at record speed to dispel rumors about the bank 's financial health . 
For Vietnamese , these are tricky , often treacherous , times . 
Mr. Pilson and his team huddled in a hallway and took just 10 minutes to return with a $ 300 million offer . 
Honda has a tiny motorcycle called the Monkey , and a slightly larger cousin , the Gorilla . 
Net outflows from Fidelity 's stock funds stood at less than $ 300 million , or below 15 % of the $ 2 billion cash position of the firm 's stock portfolios . 
James Grohl , a spokesman for the U.S. League of Savings Institutions , said , `` The data is a red flag , but lacking the financial data you ca n't make a case that discrimination is widespread . '' 
The commercial , created by Bateman , Bryan & Galles Inc. , of Dallas , adds derisively : `` I bet it takes a real tough truck to haul your Ivy League buddies to the yacht club . '' 
U.S. investors will be permitted to buy the shares from EC investors 90 days later . 
Elsewhere in the Commerce Department , nearly $ 191.2 million is preserved for assistance programs under the Economic Development Administration . 
But the guy is so personally decent , people tend to forget that . '' 
Still , analysts do n't expect the buy-back to significantly affect per-share earnings in the short term . 
`` Our divestiture program is on schedule , and we remain confident that we will achieve our stated goal of over $ 1 billion in net proceeds , '' said Nolan D. Archibald , Black & Decker 's president and chief executive officer , in a statement . 
BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % as a result of debt refinancing , the recent acquisition of a cellular and paging property and rate reductions in its Southeast territory . 
As a result , the official said , they may be forced into a no-win situation in which they make risky loans that they could have to write off later . 
`` I do it innately and pathologically , and while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to parties and society , '' he says . 
The bill is expected to pass in Congress next month . 
Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $ 188.1 billion , up 15 % from $ 163.2 billion a year earlier . 
But the spokesman confirmed that Saatchi has received several inquiries from companies interested in acquiring its Campbell-Mithun and Rowland units . 
Revenue jumped nearly 17 % to $ 223.3 million from $ 191.4 million . 
When Mr. Green won a $ 240,000 verdict in a land condemnation case against the state in June 1983 , he says Judge O'Kicki unexpectedly awarded him an additional $ 100,000 . 
Because of the large amounts of money being raised , the loose disclosure requirements and the casual monitoring of how the money is used , some analysts fear that there could be a few mega-crashes , which could hurt market confidence far more than the small bankruptcies that followed the boom of 1986 . 
Mr. Bush returned to Washington Saturday night . 
For now , however , the naysayers ' voices are drowned by the roar of cement mixers and the clanging of construction cranes along the Strip . 
A recent example is the 3 % consumption tax on all commercial activities . 
Mr. Guber says that Mr. Semel did convey that information and that Mr. Semel said Mr. Ross was `` crazy because of the Time deal , '' meaning , Mr. Guber says , that Mr. Ross `` did not want to communicate to his new merger partner , Time Inc. , that Warner 's agreements provided for our departure under these circumstances . '' 
Caltrans today uses a variation of the design Mr. Parker describes , with spiraling steel rods inside . 
On a pro forma basis , including all of Warner 's earnings , Time Warner had a third-quarter loss of $ 217 million , compared with a $ 342 million loss a year earlier . 
The group noted that 75 million francs of the advance reflected a one-time gain from the June offering by its United Westburne unit in Canada . 
However , this in no way justifies the huge government subsidies and losses on such loans . 
Seeking to overcome the currency problems , Mr. Giffen 's American Trade Consortium , which comprises Chevron Corp. , RJR , Johnson & Johnson , Eastman Kodak Co. , and Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , has concocted an elaborate scheme to share out dollar earnings , largely from the revenues of a planned Chevron oil project . 
`` I 'm somewhat skeptical about the underlying demand '' for Polaroid products , said Michael Ellmann , an analyst with Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
The issue is in two parts : 200 million Swiss francs of privately placed notes , 100 million Swiss francs of publicly listed bonds . 
Before the law went into effect last month , car rental companies were charging as much as $ 12 a day for the waiver in Texas . 
Vincent M Ciavarella , regional manager of Property Management Systems , insists he does n't know of any bogus telemarketers operating in the 1.6 million square feet of office space around Fashion Island that his company leases for Irvine Co. , the owner and developer of the project . 
`` We worry about her out there , '' Cynthia says . 
But investors who are preoccupied with short-term fluctuations may be paying too little attention to another big risk -- not generating enough money to meet long-term financial and life-style goals . 
East German leader Krenz said he was willing to hold talks with opposition groups pressing for internal changes . 
Exploration and production profits slumped $ 40 million due to a provision for restructuring costs . 
They attached a second gene , for herbicide resistance , to the pollen-inhibiting gene . 
Roland J. Hawkins , chairman of Jet Vacations Inc. , was elected to the board of this cruise line . 
After the restructuring of Waertsilae Marine and bolstered by state loan guarantees , two big bank creditors , Union Bank of Finland and state-controlled Postipankki , resumed lending the shipyard working capital . 
Since Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari took office last December , special agents have arrested more than 6,000 federal employees on charges ranging from extortion to tax evasion . 
He had been associate professor in the department of finance at Seton Hall University . 
Analyst estimate the value of the BellSouth proposal at about $ 115 to $ 125 a share . 
Mr. Ittleson is executive , special projects , at CIT Group Holdings Inc. , which is controlled by Manufacturers Hanover Corp . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Cray closed down $ 1.125 at $ 34.25 . 
But the chief rule-making body for accountants backed off one part of its original proposal made earlier this year that would have required a breakdown of certain balance-sheet items related to off-balance sheet instruments . 
Research shows AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , 1,859 of whom are known to have been infected . 
Mr. Krat indicated that completion of the transaction could take several weeks , and it was n't immediately clear what would happen to the broker-dealer subsidiary if Integrated files for bankruptcy-law protection in the meantime . 
Small businesses in suburban Chicago are discovering that an area-code switch Nov. 11 -- to 708 from the familiar 312 -- wo n't be without some costs as they alter stationery , among other things , and notify customers . 
Inco Ltd. posted a 35 % decline in third-quarter net income , a performance that was in line with analysts ' expectations . 
Service appeared to be down throughout the financial district in downtown San Francisco , while just parts of Oakland and San Jose were knocked out . 
While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many options customers and professional traders in stock-index options and the options on takeover stocks were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here and in New York said . 
A year later , it was 5.7 million . 
The bureau found that only two of six New York furniture stores could prove their presale prices were higher . 
Prices for seats on the New York Stock Exchange are recovering a bit after hitting a four-year low earlier this month . 
Appalachian Power Co. , a subsidiary of American Electric Power Co. , said it will redeem on Dec. 1 the entire $ 44.2 million of its 12 7\/8 % first mortgage bonds due 2013 . 
Canadian Pacific put its 56 % stake in Soo Line up for sale last year but could n't find any takers . 
The recent one-day , 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average seems to be significant to economists mainly for its tacit comment on the poor quality of third-quarter profits now being reported . 
On Friday , Hambrecht & Quist added St. Jude Medical to the list of 20 stocks it strongly recommends . 
Gate receipts are only the Cowboys ' second largest source of cash . 
Caldwell Butler , a conservative former congressman , was barred from a Legal Services post , after he gave wrong answers on abortion . 
( This was never a problem with South Gardens , because the client had long since given in to Ms. Bartlett 's every whim . ) 
TV ads plugging the company 's new V-6 Sonata and its souped-up Excel subcompact will begin appearing Monday . 
During the next decade , Mr. Kume said , Nissan plans to boost overseas vehicle production sufficiently to account for a majority of sales outside Japan . 
An enormous turtle has succeeded where the government has failed : He has made speaking Filipino respectable . 
Bell Atlantic Corp. said it agreed definitively to acquire one of Control Data Corp. 's computer-maintenance businesses . 
In Connecticut , however , most state judges are appointed by the governor and approved by the state legislature . 
Nynex said access lines in service at the end of the quarter were off 18,000 from the previous quarter , which reported an increase of 160,000 new access lines . 
-- Freshman football player . 
Applying prowess gained during earlier stints at appliance maker AB Electrolux , Mr. Andersson and a handful of loyal lieutenants aggressively stripped away dead wood -- and got quick results . 
Does n't anybody here want to win this mayor 's race ? 
The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of State , Justice , and Commerce in fiscal 1990 and imposing increased fees on business interests making filings with the government . 
Mr. Paul had no right to buy art for the S&L in the first place -- it is n't on the comptroller 's `` permissible '' list -- without seeking a special dispensation , which he did not do . 
But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally , with prices on most issues rising about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Orkem , France 's third-largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources . 
On similarities between China and the Soviet Union : `` In important particulars , the Soviets are different from the Chinese . 
Yesterday , Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch and Dean Witter all increased the proportion of assets they recommend investors commit to stocks . 
The agreement is subject to certain conditions , including obtaining financing . 
When her husband and son founded their computer company , Vesoft , she worked as business manager , bookkeeper and publicist . 
CDs yielding 40 % are even more implausible -- especially when the issuing `` bank '' in the Marshall Islands is merely a mail drop watched over by a local gas-station operator -- but investors fell for that one too . 
Dow will own 60 % of the venture , with Eli Lilly holding the rest . 
On the contrary , office rubdowns usually take place in dimly lighted conference rooms , where stressed-out employees relax in specially designed chairs , fully clothed . 
The Santa Fe Pacific spokesman declined to comment on that aspect , saying the deal was still under negotiation . 
But success overseas in unfamiliar markets could be trickier than for other industries such as manufacturers . 
By September , a new Reinforced Motorized Rifle Brigade with an additional 300 combat vehicles , 1,000 more trucks and 10,000 Soviet-trained Afghan troops had arrived in Kandahar . 
At St. Louis-based General Dynamics , sales rose 10 % to $ 2.52 billion from $ 2.29 billion . 
The 170 airlines in the International Air Transport Association last year posted group net profit of $ 2.5 billion on revenue of $ 125.1 billion . 
However , the Associated Press 's account of the Monday sequester order signed by President Bush neatly captured the contempt Congress shows toward the notion of a legally binding commitment : 
Coda Energy Inc. said it completed the sale of Phenix-Transmission Co. to Bishop Pipeline Co. , for $ 17 million in cash and notes . 
Berkeley very quiet right now . 
The other scenario assumes that Beijing takes effective actions to curb imports in the coming months . 
The labels were breathy : `` Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form ` rooms ' ... here and there are simple architectural forms , a whimsical jet of water , a conceit of topiary or tartan plaid , and chairs of every sort to drag around ... . 
But ad executives who negotiated the deal say that works out to only $ 275,000 for a 30-second ad in the World Series through 1993 -- 17 % less than what ABC is charging for the Series this month . 
The previous BellSouth pact was valued at about $ 98 to $ 110 a share . 
Called a `` married put , '' the technique is carried out by purchasing a stock and simultaneously buying a put option on that stock . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Jerome J. Jahn , executive vice president and chief financial officer , said Mr. Rubendall was resigning by `` mutual agreement '' with the board . 
The Floral Park , N.Y. , thrift has a strong capital-to-assets ratio , said Vice President Michael D.N. Confer . 
Amoco 's domestic oil and natural gas operations recorded a profit of $ 104 million in the quarter compared with a loss of $ 5 million , `` primarily on the strength of higher crude oil prices , '' said Chairman Richard M. Morrow . 
Within the IRS , nearly $ 1.95 billion is provided for processing tax returns , a 12 % increase over fiscal 1989 and double what the government was spending five years ago . 
Richard Arrington , Birmingham 's black mayor , lamented the consequences . 
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia-Pacific is offering . 
Analysts expect the prices of live cattle futures contracts to rise in trading today in the wake of a government quarterly census that found fewer-than-expected cattle on feedlots . 
In fact , because communism seems to be beating a global retreat , some conservatives may simply be so pleased that their anti-communist philosophy is prevailing that they do n't have the fire at the moment to push controversial programs . 
The provision , described as `` back-end '' protection , would require BellSouth to pay a price equivalent to what an outside party might have to pay . 
The operation , which has been slow to respond to consumers ' shifting tastes away from fried foods , has been developing a grilled-chicken product that may be introduced nationally at the end of next year . 
`` It 's a good indication that level of profitability has peaked for the industry , '' says Vahid Fathi , metals analyst with Prescott , Ball & Turben Inc. , who had estimated Reynolds would earn about $ 2.35 a share . 
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement . 
`` But the deals that never should have been brought have now become nuclear waste . 
He added that federal agents hope to recover at least half that amount . 
The Japanese use 40 % of the world 's ivory . 
Mr. Kaiser said there were no fundamental factors moving these markets . 
But Clark flied out to short right field and Mitchell 's drive to left was caught on the warning track by Rickey Henderson as 62,000 sets of lungs exhaled as one . 
Lotus Development Corp. is in talks to sell its Signal stock-quote service to Infotechnology Inc. , the New York parent of Financial News Network , people familiar with the negotiations said . 
The beneficiaries were those financiers whose icon was the topic figure of '80s capitalism , Michael Milken 's $ 517 million salary in one year . 
About 1.1 million Class C warrants were issued , the company said . 
The year-earlier figures included $ 9.9 million , or three cents a share , in income from discontinued operations . 
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said . 
It also would create a new IRA that would shield from taxation the appreciation on investments made for a wide variety of purposes , including retirement , medical expenses , first-home purchases and tuition . 
The new machines are capable of sorting by zip code up to 10,000 large flat mail pieces , including magazines and parcels , an hour . 
However , Mr. Dillow said he believes that a reduction in raw material stockbuilding by industry could lead to a sharp drop in imports . 
International Forest , Western Forest , and Fletcher Challenge Canada are Vancouver-based forest products concerns . 
Berthold is based in Wildbad , West Germany , and also has operations in Belgium . 
IBM is based in Armonk , N.Y . 
Her new line of work has some perils . 
In language that sidesteps the issue , Mr. Ortiz writes , `` The divestiture of nonpriority and nonstrategic public enterprises is an essential element of President Carlos Salinas 's plan to modernize Mexico 's economy ... . '' 
Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys asked federal Judge John F. Keenan to give them access to all U.S. documents about her alleged abduction . 
The stress study was undertaken because problems related to stress `` are much more prevalent than they seem , '' said Leon J. Warshaw , executive director of the business group . 
The new rules will allow investors to buy foreign stocks directly . 
But city officials say tax revenues are lagging . 
Much of the jockeying by OTC traders and investors centered on shares of companies that might be financially affected by damage from the devastating earthquake in northern California . 
That may be the last thing she needs . 
`` Our response to the whitewash would simply be , look what happened , '' another Washington official , Alvin Smuzynski , said in an interview . 
In some cases , competition has squeezed margins . 
He said he would contact Mr. Ross and Warner Brothers Chairman Robert Daly and that , in a conference call , the three agreed they could n't let the producers out of their contract . 
The Canadian application is expected to be announced in San Jose , Costa Rica , by Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney , who is attending a centenary celebration of Costa Rican democracy . 
`` There are very few companies that can boast of such a close-knit group , '' says Robert A. Brawer , 52 years old , recently named president , succeeding Beatrice Coleman , his mother-in-law , who remains chairman . 
AC&R Advertising is a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co . 
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing on Feb. 8 , 1990 , and May 10 , 1990 , respectively . 
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 fell to $ 150.8 million , or $ 1.20 a share , from $ 223 million , or $ 1.71 a share , a year ago . 
We keep wondering what Mr. Gates wanted to say . 
The telephone network simply could n't handle the large number of people seeking to make a call at the same time . 
The agency said that because MCI 's offer had expired AT&T could n't continue to offer its discount plan . 
Hewlett-Packard claims that the software allows a network to run three times as many tasks as conventional networks and will run each task twice as fast . 
The results include record quarterly earnings of $ 76 million from Chrysler Financial Corp . 
Apple Computer dropped 1 1\/8 to 46 1\/2 on one million shares . 
Tokyu Construction gained 170 to 1610 . 
RJR 's executives have said they will dispense with certain brands , in particular , that are n't leaders in their markets . 
A merchant bank and investment fund have agreed to co-sponsor a reorganization plan to bring Sharon Steel Corp. out of Chapter 11 proceedings and to acquire the company 's steel-related assets in a transaction valued at more than $ 300 million . 
Warner Communications Inc. is close to an agreement to back a new recorded music and music publishing company in partnership with Irving Azoff , who resigned in September as head of MCA Inc. 's MCA Records unit . 
After Sony Corp. 's recent headline-grabbing acquisition of Columbia Pictures , many say it makes good political sense to lie low . 
Revenue rose 21 % to 22.61 billion francs from 18.69 billion francs . 
Still , even the title raises questions about the author 's vision of her subject . 
THE PHILADELPHIA law firm of Ballard , Spahr , Andrews & Ingersoll said three partners have joined its business and finance department . 
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does . 
But one clear problem during the coup attempt was that the NSC staffer most experienced in Latin America , Everett Briggs , was gone . 
Mr. Berry said the timing was a coincidence and that his decision was unrelated to Mr. Roman 's departure . 
That would would make it appealing to a network such as Interpublic that already has a healthy New York presence . 
Yesterday , the retailing and financial services giant reported a 16 % drop in third-quarter earnings to $ 257.5 million , or 75 cents a share , from a restated $ 305 million , or 80 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Revenue rose 6 % to $ 2.79 billion from $ 2.63 billion . 
Detroit-to-Tokyo flights were booked solid this week as Motor City executives , including Ford Motor Co. Chairman Donald E. Petersen and Chrysler Corp. Vice Chairman Gerald Greenwald , flocked to see the future . 
Not quite , Sen. Leahy contends . 
When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore several gunshot wounds , a cracked skull and broken legs and ribs . 
For now , however , Mr. Phelan said : `` I refuse to get out there and tell everybody everything is hunky-dory . 
As Brooks Brothers jumps into the fashion fray , it will be playing catch up . 
But their potential quake exposure is seen as small given that they require a financial cushion on all the loans they purchase . 
One roustabout , hanging by his hands from a ladder , bounces his weight on a three-foot wrench to loosen a stuck fitting . 
The Harrisburg 7 trial in 1972 , in which Daniel Berrigan and others were charged with plotting anti-war-related violence , was a landmark . 
For once information flows , public participation follows and repression becomes difficult to reimpose . 
Consider the facts underlying the 1989 conviction of Robert Chestman . 
He had valued the shares at more than $ 1 million two years earlier . 
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 21\/32 , up 5\/32 . 
But Mr. Batchelder says that Citicorp 's `` failure to deliver '' on its promise to raise the UAL bank debt for a labor-management buy-out group `` is very distressing to potential users of a ` highly-confident ' letter from commercial banks . '' 
Some forms of private property would be sanctioned . 
But whatever its effects on exports and imports , Japan 's investment boom during the past two years has been stimulated at least partly by soaring domestic demand . 
In addition , the $ 3 billion bid includes $ 1 billion of debt that will be assumed by IMA , $ 600 million of high-yield junk bonds that will be sold by First Boston Corp. and $ 285 million of equity . 
Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal-care businesses jumped 25 % in the quarter , Mr. Mark added . 
The dollar , the best indicator of the country 's mood , has skyrocketed on the parallel market , as has gold . 
Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System , for example , has about $ 130 million invested in a fund of 244 companies that are either Pennsylvania-based or have 25 % of their work forces in the state . 
But Dr. Fraumeni , one of the authors of the report , said `` the declining rates we 're seeing for younger people we believe may be a harbinger of declining mortality in the future . '' 
Basf AG said it moved its headquarters for Latin America to Mexico and the headquarters for the Asia\/Australia regional division to Singapore , effective Oct . 
Pencils down . 
Still , I figured the event 's envy-quotient back in the U.S.A. was near peerless . 
Early last year , after a 140-point , one-day drop in the Dow , the Big Board instituted the collar , which banned program trading through the Big Board 's computers whenever the Dow moved 50 points up or down in a day . 
`` The Thief and the Dogs , '' written in 1961 , is a taut , psychological drama , reminiscent of `` Crime and Punishment . '' 
Some money managers are disenchanted with H&R Block because they suspect the company 's glory days are past , or at least passing . 
That storm hit the Gulf Coast Oct. 13 , closing the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port for a time and preventing tankers from unloading . 
Individuals close to the situation believe Ford officials will seek a meeting this week with Sir John to outline their proposal for a full bid . 
If Washington 's elites ever succeed in bursting the tax dam , Americans will be engulfed in a red sea of new spending programs , such as federalized child care . 
The Treasury marked up its forecast by $ 17 million in July , but that proved to be about $ 5 billion too optimistic . 
Analysts estimate Colgate 's sales of household products in the U.S. were flat for the quarter , and they estimated operating margins at only 1 % to 3 % . 
But they will have disappointing returns or even losses if interest rates rise instead . 
Senshukai has a 60 % stake in the venture and Nissho Iwai has the rest . 
`` Brooks Brothers no longer has a lock on the { Ivy League } customer who is status-conscious about his clothes , '' says Charlie Davidson , president of the Andover Shop , a traditional men 's store in Cambridge , Mass . 
For the 11 months ended March 31 , operating profit at the 52-store chain totaled $ 40.5 million on sales of $ 286.8 million . 
`` Rascal Money '' ( Contemporary Books , 412 pages , $ 17.95 ) , a novel by consultant and business analyst Joseph R. Garber , tells the story of an innovative , well-run , widely respected computer manufacturing company called PegaSys as it faces a hostile takeover attempt by AIW , a much smaller corporation that is so incompetently managed as to constitute a standing joke in the business world . 
Almost simultaneously , PaineWebber began a very visible buy program for dozens of stocks . 
Rally 's , a Louisville , Ky. , fast-food chain , alleges that the three investors , who are directors of the company , broke securities laws because they did n't disclose their intentions to acquire a big Rally 's stake . 
Conviction on any single impeachment article was enough to remove Judge Hastings from office . 
Weisfield 's had about 1.1 million shares outstanding as of July 31 . 
COPPER : 
The chords modulate , but there is little filigree even though his fingers begin to wander over more of the keys . 
Foreign debt falling outside the net of affected indebtedness -- which Mr. Stahl estimated at $ 12 billion -- would remain not subject to the debt arrangements . 
Contel 's Mr. Wohlstetter said the group of Big Board companies is n't ready to go public yet with its effort , and that he does n't plan to be the leader once it is public . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
Analysts expect Armstrong to use proceeds of the sale to reduce debt , buy back stock or perhaps finance an acquisition . 
Industry analyst John H. Qualls , a vice president with Hill & Knowlton in St. Louis , forecasts that domestic auto makers will have a 93-day supply of cars at the end of the year , even if car sales improve to a 6.5 million vehicle rate for the quarter . 
East German Protestantism in particular fears Mr. Krenz , in part because of an incident in January 1988 when he was believed to have ordered the arrest of hundreds of dissidents who had sought refuge in the Church . 
While lawyers arranged individual tie-ups before , the formal network of court reporters should make things easier and cheaper . 
Flowers Industries Inc. said it will report a charge of eight cents to 10 cents a share for its fiscal first quarter , ended Sept. 23 , from the sale of two bakeries , in High Point , N.C. , and Gadsden , Ala . 
ENERGY : 
Nuovo Banco will become Italy 's biggest private-sector bank when it completes its scheduled merger with Banca Cattolica del Venetoen by year end . 
Rather than gathering momentum , the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government tackles several big assets . 
Prosecutors wanted $ 23.8 million in forfeiture for alleged tax fraud of some $ 400,000 . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Montgomery Securities Inc. are co-managing the offering . 
In August , representatives of Keidanren , Japan 's largest business organization , visited Moscow to explore exports and investments that would help the Soviet economy . 
Sometimes at a reception or cocktail party I advance these views and people head for somebody else . 
An incinerator is also probably better than having nobody next door -- on our farm there are four unoccupied houses . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich . 
This year , a commission appointed by the mayor to revise New York 's system of government completed a new charter , expanding the City Council to 51 from 35 members . 
Even if the new Stanza succeeds , Nissan will remain behind in the subcompact segment , where its Sentra does n't measure up to the Honda Civic and Toyota Corolla . 
`` The current backlog of orders is strong throughout the corporation , '' he said . 
It is true that both are non-violent , but there is a fundamental difference between them . 
But the specter of Ford eventually launching a full-fledged bid could unravel the GM-Jaguar talks . 
Mr. Lawrence says the exchange is updating some procedures to make speedier payments on claims . 
We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC . 
Tendered shares not purchased will be returned to holders . 
The center , close to Hong Kong 's border with China , will be ready today and will be able to house 1,000 inmates , Police Deputy Director Peter Wong said . 
Non-executive directors of Qintex Australia , who must approve payments to the senior executives , balked at the amount . 
`` There are no price wars , no competition . '' 
Sumitomo Bank donated $ 500,000 , Tokyo prefecture $ 15,000 and the city of Osaka $ 10,000 . 
Unisys dropped 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 after posting a third-quarter loss of $ 4.25 a share , including restructuring charges , but other important technology issues were mixed . 
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi . 
Ultimate Corp. signed a letter of intent to market Hewlett-Packard Co. minicomputers , the companies said . 
Meanwhile , the nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 143,178 cars this week , down 11.7 % from 162,190 a year ago and flat with last week 's 142,117 car output . 
It turns out that Columbia had this huge loss in large part because the new congressionally mandated rules forced it to adjust the book value of its soon-to-be-sold junk bonds to the lower of either their cost or market value . 
Insurance-related stocks were mixed as investors tried to figure out how to assess the impact of the property damage and deaths on those concerns . 
`` There 's no constitutional right involved in the rule change , '' he says . 
Although the economy showed no change of pace from the second quarter , many analysts expect it to slow considerably in the fourth quarter as demand for autos falls , partly because of higher prices on models introduced last month . 
The charge did n't affect net for the quarter as it was offset by tax benefits . 
Nonetheless , `` Delmed currently expects that 1990 sales ... will be significantly below their 1989 level , '' the company said in a statement . 
Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where and when the work group 's resources were used effectively and where they were idle , waiting for others upstream in the process to send packages their way . 
Mr. Calloway also noted that soft-drink volume rose a hefty 9 % in last year 's third quarter , making the comparison more difficult . 
The rally transformed some big sell orders into big buy orders , solving an order-imbalance problem . 
A GM spokesman said the visit is n't connected to the Jaguar situation . 
Though the split has long been expected , the exchanges are n't fully prepared to go their separate ways . 
As the death toll from last week 's temblor climbed to 61 , the condition of freeway survivor Buck Helm , who spent four days trapped under rubble , improved , hospital officials said . 
Tuesday , October 31 , 1989 
The Commodore 64 and 128 , mainly used for children 's educational software and games , had surprised market researchers by continuing to produce strong sales even though other low-profit personal computers now operate several times as fast and have much more memory . 
That sometimes signals that they are laying plans to export corn . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Heavy construction , property-casualty insurance and forest products were among the best performing industry groups in the Dow Jones Equity Market Index yesterday . 
If further research proves the seed 's benefits , this dusty farm district could become the epicenter of a health-food fad to rival all fads since cod-liver oil . 
The court often weighs deductions of sideline-business costs : Do they stem from a profit-seeking activity or a nondeductible hobby ? 
Guarantee rates are typically 100 % , giving lenders little reason to screen customers carefully . 
But no one else does . 
`` The grapevine is n't organized , but you and I know it exists , '' says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black professionals and community leaders . 
The solicitation material indicates that donations will go toward a campaign alerting and informing the public about some health or other issue . 
Then , as growers bred them more for looks , and to satisfy supermarket chains ' demands of long-term storage , the Red went into decline . 
I am not sure that judges , many of whom I like very much , are proper repositories for making distinctions about pop singers , '' said Richard Kurnit , a New York advertising lawyer . 
Although the proposal , authored by Mr. Packwood and Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , appears to have general backing by Republicans , their votes are n't sufficient to pass it . 
Many middle-class people would love free food , Medicaid insurance , utilities and rent . 
Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics , hoses and other industrial and automotive parts . 
The sector was still 8.8 % above its output levels from a year earlier , however . 
U.S. Memories is seeking major investors to back its attempt to crack the $ 10 billion market for dynamic random access memory chips , a market dominated by the Japanese . 
It is considered an early signal of Fed credit policy changes . 
The real estate limited partnership also said it will pay a special year-end cash distribution of 10 cents a unit . 
Jujo Paper said its pretax profit rose 0.3 % to 13.05 billion yen from 13.02 billion yen . 
Officials also say a national electricity shortage might not be far off . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
It said simply that it will boost its Navigation Mixte stake as it sees fit over the coming days to protect itself , as long as it has French regulatory officials ' approval . 
In another case , a protester , Ann O'Brien , was convicted of trespass before the Supreme Court 's Webster ruling . 
The biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day . 
The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an `` organic '' society in which citizens were spiritually and morally unified , and prepared to sacrifice themselves for the nation . 
By retreating to the apparent security of , say , money-market funds , investors may not be earning enough investment return to pay for a comfortable retirement . 
International copyright secured . 
At least , that 's a theme emerging among many money managers who are anxious both to preserve the handsome stock-market gains they have already achieved this year and to catch the next wave of above-average performers . 
Bonds : 
But an official at a long-term credit bank explained that since some larger banks have already taken loss provisions for loans to other Third World nations , further write-offs could be viewed as intolerable . 
( Braniff declined ) . 
Benson & Hedges has been one of its most high-visibility campaigns , as well as one of its largest clients . 
But the ballplayers disagree . 
But stocks later recovered , erasing most of their early declines . 
Ferranti said that it welcomes the investigation and that it will `` cooperate fully . '' 
If whites want to play there by themselves , says consulting engineer Willem van Heerden , whites should also build it by themselves . 
The company estimated that losses from Hurricane Hugo reduced net income by 32 cents a share in the most recent quarter . 
Earlier this month the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , the experts hired by the creditors , contended that Eastern would have difficulty meeting earnings targets the airline was projecting . 
Mr. Breeden contended that uncertainty over when the SEC might act could worsen volatility in the markets . 
Mr. Lipstein said in a telephone interview from New York that the sale was proceeding as planned . 
They talked of the home run . 
Reynolds is the third big aluminum company since Friday to report disappointing earnings . 
The company 's Excalibur will also appeal to families , of course . 
Steven F. Kaplan was named a senior vice president of this graphics equipment company . 
The issue yields 8.90 % and carries a guarantee covering 9 % of the deal from the company . 
The cost of raising a pig kept bounding ahead of the return for selling one . 
Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 13 in Idaho ; Nov. 20 in Illinois ; Nov. 24 and Dec. 4 in Arizona ; Dec. 11 in Washington state ; and Jan. 8 in Oregon . 
In an Oct. 19 review of `` The Misanthrope '' at Chicago 's Goodman Theatre ( `` Revitalized Classics Take the Stage in Windy City , '' Leisure & Arts ) , the role of Celimene , played by Kim Cattrall , was mistakenly attributed to Christina Haag . 
Coke introduced a caffeine-free sugared cola based on its original formula in 1983 . 
Sterling said it had requested a briefing by NASA but had not decided whether to protest the agency 's latest decision . 
Ten of the plant 's workers were injured when the quake hit about a half-hour into the afternoon shift ; seven were hospitalized . 
We sell direct ! '' 
All of that is just for starters , or so the hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope and are certainly demanding . 
`` If that gets people excited , it could serve as an impetus to the fixed-income markets to lower their rates , '' he added . 
We never care about Said or the `` hypocrites '' he hunts . 
Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 
Insurers typically retain a small percentage of the risks they underwrite and pass on the rest of the losses . 
Morrison said the engineering and construction segment performed well , with the mining and MK-Ferguson operations making important contributions . 
And he says he 's learned a lesson : `` You always have to watch out for yourself . 
Mr. Jefferies 's performance as a witness was expected to affect his sentencing . 
Sales rose to $ 2.45 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
Her bare breasts , her dancing , her voice , her beauty and , perhaps most famously , her derriere , were prominent attractions , but courage of a rare sort made her remarkable life possible . 
Everyone is very nice and good-looking -- the adoptive parents ( Glenn Close and James Woods ) and the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption ( Mary Stuart Masterson and Kevin Dillon ) . 
Time Warner has vigorously denied all of Viacom 's allegations . 
The Health Insurance Association of America , an insurers ' trade group , acknowledges that stiff competition among its members to insure businesses likely to be good risks during the first year of coverage has aggravated the problem in the small-business market . 
`` There was a seething mass of people , '' said one floor trader . 
The cement producer said the payment was made from excess cash flow . 
Like most treasury secretaries , Mr. Brady takes a keen interest in monetary matters , of course . 
Mr. Parks of Call Interactive says TV executives are considering the use of 900 numbers for `` talk shows , game shows , news and opinion surveys . '' 
Yesterday 's conference agreement is the second major bill to emerge from negotiations this week , as appropriators approved a fiscal 1990 transportation bill late Monday that includes a sweeping ban on smoking on most domestic airline flights . 
Beyond removing a competitor , the combination should provide `` synergies , '' said Fred Harlow , Unilab 's chief financial officer . 
In yesterday 's report , First Interstate said its bank in Texas also reported a loss of $ 23.5 million for the quarter . 
`` No matter how competent and smart you both are , the relationship almost certainly will erode if you do n't have time to talk , to have fun and to be sexual , '' says Ms. Shaevitz . 
Janet Malcolm , a professional writer on psychiatric matters , wrote a series of articles for the New Yorker , later published in book form by Knopf under the title `` In the Freud Archives . '' 
It was the most active of the 100-share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday . 
Longer term , however , the buy-back is expected to increase earnings , especially after 1990 , Mrs. Lidgerwood said . 
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded . 
The head of British Satellite Broadcasting Ltd. said he hopes to raise about # 450 million ( $ 711 million ) before the satellite-TV venture makes its delayed debut next spring -- with a major chunk coming from new investors . 
Although dealers said investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market 's recent troubles and as the U.S. economy weakens , the dollar ended down only modestly . 
He talked about 20 minutes . 
Surely at some other cosmic address a Gouldoid creature would have risen out of the ooze to explain why , paleontologically speaking , `` it is , indeed , a wonderful life . '' 
New Jersey gubernatorial candidate Rep. James Florio pointedly returned from campaigning to vote against the president yesterday in contrast with his opponent , GOP Rep. James Courter , who has ardently supported abortion restrictions in the past but was absent . 
USX Corp. said it delayed the proposed initial public offering of common stock of RMI Titanium Co. because of market conditions . 
`` This is paying a big price to maintain their virility as the world 's leading insurance broker , '' said Philip Olsen , an analyst at Kitcat & Aitken , a U.K. brokerage firm . 
Analysts estimate Colgate 's world-wide third-quarter sales rose about 8 % to $ 1.29 billion . 
In a pattern it aims to copy in several key U.S. destinations , Cathay recently announced plans to serve San Francisco by flying into American Airlines ' Los Angeles hub and routing continuing passengers onto a flight on the U.S. carrier . 
When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through the goodness of people 's hearts but through legislation and constitutional amendments . 
Gordon Trimmer will succeed Mr. Haines as manager of Canadian operations , and Mr. Kushkin 's former position is n't being filled at this time , the company said . 
So , is the tax code now open game again ? 
`` The period when growth stocks should be performing well is when their earnings are growing at a superior rate to the general level of corporate profits , '' says Stephen Boesel , president of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income Fund . 
Conferees also agreed to Pentagon requests to earmark a total of nearly $ 1 billion for work on both mobile MX and Midgetman nuclear missiles , according to congressional aides . 
Mr. Lawson and his European-minded colleagues want the British pound formally tied to the West German mark . 
The merged company that it now becomes part of will have billings of just more than $ 2.6 billion -- most of that in Europe -- bringing it to about 14th world-wide . 
Bigger business can often better afford to minimize the cost of crime . 
By that key measure of operating efficiency , BankAmerica turned in a better performance than its well-regarded Los Angeles-based competitor , Security Pacific Corp. , which posted a 0.89 % return in the third quarter . 
Daniel J. Terra , a director of First Illinois Corp. , said that in August he reduced his stake in First Illinois to 26.48 % of the common shares outstanding . 
Their commitment to `` creativity '' can not survive adolescent illiteracy . 
Yields on money-market deposits were unchanged at an average 6.96 % for $ 50,000 and less and down just a hundredth of a percentage point to 7.41 % for jumbo deposits . 
The Treasury Department said the U.S. trade deficit may worsen next year , after two years of significant improvement . 
Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons . 
And now he 's busily trying to explain an arrangement in which he sold stock in Inner City Broadcasting Co. , headed by his old friend and patron , Percy Sutton , to his son , David Dinkins Jr. , for $ 58,000 . 
Base Data 
The downturn also raises questions about the carriers ' ambitious orders for new airplanes , which currently total $ 32.5 billion over the next three years . 
`` I would like to go back to 1970 . 
`` It 's serious stuff . 
Ford Motor Co. reported a 21.2 % drop in sales of domestic-made cars to 46,995 and a 24.2 % drop in domestic trucks to 31,143 . 
Talk show hosts quickly change the topic . 
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second-quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said . 
Some of the lawyers say they would continue to represent their clients if the government pays their tab as court-appointed lawyers . 
Federal health officials are expected today to approve a program granting long-deferred access to the drug AZT for children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome . 
`` We have too many people in our home offices , '' says Yoshio Hatakeyama , the president of the Japan Management Association . 
Put March 31 , 1992 , at fixed 107 13\/16 to yield 3.43 % . 
Assume a neighborhood demonstration to protest speeding on a certain road or a careless accident involving a police car . 
McDonald 's Corp. said third-quarter earnings rose 14 % on a hefty sales gain , but domestic franchisees apparently did n't partake of the improvement . 
In the third quarter , the implicit price deflator fell to 2.9 % of the 1982 average , from 4.6 % in the previous quarter . 
Mr. Laband described one of the more insidious threats we face when dealing with disasters such as Hugo -- anti-profiteering ordinances such as that by the Charleston City Council as it thrashed about trying to Do Something . 
According to Avery , for the year ended Sept. 30 , 1988 , Uniroyal Chemical had sales of $ 734.2 million and a net loss of $ 47.1 million . 
Instead of hiring one of the many active managers specializing in growth stocks , indexers can design a portfolio around the same stocks ; the portfolio will be maintained by computer , reducing both fees and , in theory , risk ( because of the large number of stocks ) . 
The globalists tend to think Mr. Lawson ran onto technical reefs . 
The previous reports were based on remarks by British Air 's chief financial officer , Derek Stevens , who said any revised bid would have to include a lower purchase price to reflect the sharp drop in UAL 's stock in the past week . 
In addition , Hunter said it will use proceeds from a private placement of $ 8 million of preferred shares to purchase an interest in a start-up company to underwrite environmental impairment insurance . 
Also mentioned as a contender was TBWA Advertising , but the company denied it was participating . 
In return , Mr. Craig agreed to cooperate in the government 's continuing payola probe , says a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office . 
Four of those insiders sold more than half their holdings . 
The last U.S. congressional authorization , in 1983 , was a political donnybrook and carried a $ 6 billion housing program along with it to secure adequate votes . 
General Electric Co. recently sold off its interests in liquid-crystal displays to Thompson-CSF of France . 
He said only that the committee has not yet taken any position on Eastern 's reorganization plan and that the two sides were still negotiating . 
Jay Stevens , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds , said he expected the Sunnyvale , Calif. , company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from International Business Machines Corp. , Amdahl 's principal competitor for mainframe sales . 
Thus , they say , futures inhibit the basic purpose of the stock market : to accurately price securities so that capital and investment flows where it 's needed most . 
`` Before the state of Wisconsin mandated that mental-health care be covered , there were only 70 mental-health clinics in the state ; now there are 400 , '' says Carolyn Miller , an NFIB lobbyist . 
In another development yesterday , creditors were told that $ 40 million they had expected to become available for implementing a reorganization may not materialize , according to one source . 
Including employees of state and local -- but not the federal -- governments , the employment cost index rose 1.6 % in the third quarter , compared with a 1.3 % rise in the same quarter in 1988 . 
It 's the first time in the survey 's 15 years that the over-50 group came out ahead . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A dropped 1 to 21 1\/8 on 331,400 shares . 
We ca n't afford to wait . '' 
Part of a Series } 
Their ridicule of him is no substitute for argument . 
Big Board officials say only 25 contracts a day may trade at first , equivalent to a day 's action at a small , regional exchange . 
The company also was hurt by a $ 289 million rate reduction that went into effect in 1989 . 
Eagle , now called Eagle-Berol , remains a leading company among the 10 in the U.S. that produced about 2.3 billion pencils last year , according to the Pencil Makers Association . 
He urged them to refer their friends , who also lost money . 
`` A normal person did not write the Beethoven ` Violin Concerto , ' '' he declares . 
The surge in competition is expected to stir new life into the huge mainframe market , where growth has slowed to single digits in recent years . 
And it is how African-Americans and other minority groups were guaranteed their equal rights as citizens in this nation . 
Mesa President Larry Risley said his board had received Stateswest 's most recent offer and was reviewing it . 
The figure was incorrectly shown as a net loss in a chart accompanying Friday 's Heard on the Street column . 
However , unpaid distributions on the acquisition preferred are cumulative and would total $ 23 million a year , hurting NRM 's financial flexibility and its ability to raise capital , NRM said . 
But six years ago he also began importing from the Far East . 
Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil and gas producer , said the planned purchase would be its first oil and gas acquisition outside its home country , and would form the basis for a new stand-alone exploration and production unit in Canada . 
But in 1935 , when Congress was trying to find someone or something to blame for the Great Depression , it decided to drop both the secretary and the comptroller from the board . 
As of the end of the second quarter , it had $ 4.47 billion of cash and marketable securities on hand . 
In other active shares , Trusthouse Forte shed 10 to 294 on volume of 6.4 million shares after a Barclays De Zoete Wedd downgrading , while Hillsdown Holdings , a food products concern , was boosted 2 to 271 after it disclosed it would seek shareholder approval to begin share repurchases . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
No one wants stock on their books . '' 
And that 's a problem . 
The FTC said it `` had reason to believe that the proposed acquisition could substantially reduce competition '' in the production of certain image intensifier tubes , which are important components of night-vision devices sold primarily to the defense industry . 
Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said . 
The Fed also appears reluctant to ease credit conditions further . 
Under the program , dubbed Chivas Class , customers who send in two labels from Chivas bottles will receive an upgrade in seating class on some Trans World Airlines flights . 
The poverty threshold , defined as three times food expenses as calculated by the Agricultural Department , last year was $ 12,092 for a family of four . 
Mr. de Cholet said Mr. Fournier 's biggest hope was to somehow persuade regulatory authorities to block the bid . 
Nevertheless , the 1989 deficit still exceeded the $ 136 billion target set by the Gramm-Rudman deficit-reduction law by $ 16 billion , a reminder of that law 's shortcomings . 
The California thrift has just announced a $ 226 million third-quarter loss . 
A survey by Sirota , Alper & Pfau , a New York consulting firm , underscores the difficulty for top management in satisfying employees and investors on that score . 
It must be a local custom , I thought , stamping feet to welcome the team . 
The decision by a majority of state-appointed Waertsilae Marine directors Monday to file for bankruptcy was an abrupt about-face from previous government policy . 
The Kennedy amendment would , in effect , legislate around the Supreme Court ruling . 
Communist officials this month have faced nearly daily pro-democracy protests , accompanied by the flight to the West by thousands of East Germans . 
Trotting out a much-beloved Streetspeak term , New York Stock Exchange Chairman John Phelan recently declared that history would record the event as only `` a major technical correction . '' 
Florida and Wyoming have backed up their guarantees with the full faith and credit of the state governments , meaning that taxpayers will pick up any slack . 
But Ramtron of Colorado Springs , Colo. , plans to start shipping commercial quantities of simple ferroelectric chips in December . 
The division of auto maker Ford Motor Co. made its debut in the asset-backed securities market with the second-largest issue in the market 's four-year history . 
The point is that any piece can be used as background music for virtually anything . 
Closely held Intelligence in Education , of Larchmont , N.Y. , is an educational publisher and consultant . 
Traders said today may be an anxious day for the market . 
The judge was considered imperious , abrasive and ambitious , those who practiced before him say . 
But now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing media-buying groups -- and Carat wants to expand to the rest of Europe . 
It also raised hackles of the city 's tourism boosters . 
Competitors are known as the `` enemy . '' 
These droppers do n't flaunt only their friendships with the Trumps , Brooke Astor or Georgette Mosbacher . 
Only at the moment of maximum roll did I grasp what was going on . 
`` It was a mixed bag , '' said Richard Bruno , who heads over-the-counter trading at PaineWebber . 
The lower boundary was established just after the opening in a brief round of selling ; the upper boundary was set at midday as scattered bargain-hunting pushed prices higher . 
Some analysts note that after last week 's stock market tailspin and Tuesday 's California earthquake , it 's hard to gauge where the central bank wants the key federal funds rate . 
The company 's total firm backlog of unfilled orders at Sept. 30 stood at a mighty $ 69.1 billion , compared with $ 53.6 billion at the end of 
Finally , a $ 300 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 12 classes by Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Balcor , which has interests in real estate , said the position is newly created . 
That could change , thanks to lower long-distance rates and cheaper electronics . 
BEING A TRAVEL agent used to be pretty glamorous . 
Takeover enthusiasm may have been renewed when an investor group disclosed yesterday that it had obtained all the financing required to complete its $ 1.6 billion leveraged buy-out of American Medical International . 
The next step , which could have a larger effect on businesses , will come early next month , when the Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs is to hold its first auction of foreign currency . 
The sale is likely to fuel concern about growing Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms . 
Scott Paper Co. , shelf offering of up to $ 360 million of debt securities , via Goldman Sachs , Salomon Brothers Inc. and Smith Barney , Harris Upham . 
That is , if the company reported results correctly . 
Michael A. Gaskin , 55 years old , was named president and chief executive officer of this manufacturer of industrial robots , succeeding Walter K. Weisel . 
`` Investors have to accept the possibility of a significant slowdown in economic activity in the runup to 1997 , '' she says . 
Kenneth Olshan , Wells Rich 's chairman , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I called Sen. Bill Bradley of New Jersey , advised him that the Dow Jones Industrial Average had declined by 190 points late that afternoon , and cheerfully informed him that he and his fellow Democrats were to blame . 
The FTC ordered the companies not to use rating bureaus in those six states . 
For example , the group could offer $ 200 a share in cash plus stock valued at $ 30 a share . 
A trader at a Japanese firm estimated that the Japanese purchased no more than 10 % of the two-year notes . 
Written by Barbara Benedek , co-author of `` The Big Chill , '' `` Immediate Family '' takes the position that only rich people living in nice houses should have children . 
The proposed changes also would allow executives to report exercises of options later and less often . 
The government had fallen $ 300 million behind in interest payments . 
Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for `` a stable currency , free and competitive markets , private property and real prices '' and other pie-in-the-sky reforms . 
Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan . 
That means investors have to focus on the quality of the debt that lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit enhancement for the issue and the credit ratings the issue has received . 
We need to get a space platform set up soon -- just in case we want to step out for a breath of fresh air . 
But it was Frank Lloyd Wright who said , `` Is this not Anti-Christ ? 
A law went on the books in January that let him smoke bacon without breeding pigs . 
Well-Seasoned Reasoning 
Unice -- an acronym for the Union of Industrial and Employers ' Confederations of Europe -- fears that the charter will force EC countries to adopt a single pattern in labor relations . 
`` It was a fairly stressful weekend , but my sense is if you had n't had Richard Breeden there , it would n't have made much of a difference . '' 
And he questions the White House dedication . 
It owns 67 % of Telerate Inc. , a leading supplier of computerized financial information on global markets . 
Albany escaped embarrassingly unscathed . 
Revenue rose 34 % to $ 410 million from $ 306.6 million a year earlier . 
They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : `` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him or ... disapproved by him ... . '' 
Critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of revisions to the measure for years . 
The move is a setback for Bush , who needs Democratic support to pass a capital-gains cut in the Senate . 
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen-Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis . 
Capital expenditure in 1990 will rise slightly , Mr. Marous said , from an estimated $ 470 million this year . 
The uncertainty was multiplied by the persistent strength of the dollar , traders said , and by the U.S. trade deficit , which widened by 31 % in August from the previous month . 
The incident was n't the only time the judge got special treatment from his local bank . 
If housing prices continue to fall , many borrowers would be better off walking away from their homes and leaving taxpayers with the losses . 
The second source of error in growth statistics is the use of inappropriate deflators to adjust for price changes . 
Mortgage securities ended little changed after light dealings . 
But many consumers probably will use the extra time to put off some purchasing until the last minute . 
The TV units of Paramount and MCA are exploring offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week . 
For each poll , the odds are 19 out of 20 that if pollsters had sought to survey every household in the U.S. using the same questionnaire , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 2 1\/2 percentage points in either direction . 
It did n't help that on Saturday , after three days of sunshine , it rained . 
Why does n't he just follow through on one of these things ? '' 
Among her OTC picks are Oshkosh B'Gosh and A&W Brands . 
What is certain is that if Americans allow another happening like the degrading Bork confirmation circus , it will be at their peril . 
While he did n't comment directly on the pact between Ciba-Geigy and the university , he said Merieux can transfer new products and technologies to Connaught more rapidly than other companies `` not currently producing and marketing vaccines { who } can only promise this for some ... years in the future . '' 
The president 's request did n't indicate how Mr. Cheney would shift the money . 
Nearly 36 % ranked housing problems as their most serious unmet legal need . 
Perhaps the biggest of those factors is its high ad prices -- $ 130,000 for a four-color page , vs. $ 47,000 for the Smithsonian , a comparable publication with a far smaller circulation . 
Dycom Industries gained 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 after it said it agreed to buy Ansco & Associates and two affiliates for cash and stock . 
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia-Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised . 
The killers fled with less than $ 100 . 
Steve Milunovich , a securities analyst at First Boston , said that while investors were looking for an excuse to buy IBM shares a year ago , even the big institutional investors are looking for a reason to avoid the stock these days . 
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order-processing services . 
The New Jersey paper , like the New Haven , Conn. , paper , was purchased by Ingersoll on Goodson 's behalf as part of the management contract . 
Among other things , the memo contends that Young & Rubicam gave false assurances that the investigation would n't uncover any information that would `` embarrass the government of Jamaica or the Jamaica Tourist Board . '' 
Yesterday 's rally was led by RJR Holdings 13 3\/4 % bonds , which initially tumbled three points , or $ 30 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to 96 1\/4 before rebounding to 99 3\/4 . 
TVX owns five stations , including WTXF , a Fox affiliate , in Philadelphia . 
Shelly Hancock , a male county court judge in Houston , refused to let a woman plead guilty to a drunk-driving charge because her skirt stopped three inches above her knees . 
The new product has performed well in a market test in Las Vegas , Nev. , Mr. Calloway said . 
Yesterday , the number grew to 40 ; today the number is expected to grow to 100 . 
But alleviating that overhang failed to stimulate much activity in the secondary market , where prices were off 1\/8 to up 3\/8 point . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % six months . 
Mr. Sulzberger said the scheduled opening of a new color-printing plant in Edison , N.J. , in 1990 would involve heavy startup and depreciation costs . 
Mr. Guber says he brought to lunch a release document Warner had agreed to in 1988 , when he and Mr. Peters made an aborted bid to buy part of MGM\/UA Entertainment Co. to run the MGM studio . 
Five minutes before the Big Board opened , a preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155 , a loss of as much as $ 43 a share from Monday 's close . 
If mutation and natural selection slowly but surely give rise to more and more advanced forms of life , then it was only a matter of eons before splendid beings endowed with reason , self-awareness and taste shimmered onto the scene . 
Robert F. Singleton , Knight-Ridder 's chief financial officer , said the company was `` pleased '' with its overall performance , despite only single-digit growth in newspaper revenue . 
Mr. Icahn , the company 's deep-pocketed , tenacious adversary , recently disclosed that he had raised his USX stake to 13.1 % , and he again threatened a takeover . 
The proposal would restore some discipline erased from the budget process by the 1974 Budget `` Reform '' Act . 
His lawyer could not be reached for comment . 
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's consolidated debt totals 6.9 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 5.32 billion ) , including A$ 1.6 billion of bonds convertible into shares . 
SHEDDING GLITTER : 
What is even more ironic is that all over the world nations are learning that well-intentioned public programs often backfire . 
Researchers can apply for permission to use the probes for brain studies . 
Under the circumstances , Dataproducts said , Mr. Tomash said he was unable to devote the time required because of other commitments . 
Kirschner Medical fell 4 to 15 . 
But Wall Street analysts expect further signs of economic weakness in government reports during the next few weeks . 
Revenue rose 77 % to $ 72.6 million , from last year 's $ 41 million . 
The filing also said the trust is considering a sale of Manville securities in the open market ; an extraordinary dividend on the common stock ; or a recapitalization of Manville . 
The two executives could hardly be more different . 
These functions are currently performed out of Melbourne , Australia , and at Ford 's headquarters in Dearborn , Mich . 
Prescription-drug world-wide sales rose 9 % in the quarter to $ 340 million ; U.S. sales rose 15 % . 
Take Cleveland . 
Despite their ubiquity , the consultants are n't entirely welcome . 
`` It 's important to share the risk and even more so when the market has already peaked . '' 
Notice 89-107 offers added relief for hurricane-hit concerns that must file pension and benefit-plan returns . 
Then last spring , researchers reported finding a gene called p53 which , if impaired , turns healthy colon cells cancerous . 
Dollar : 141.45 yen , off 0.45 ; 1.8355 marks , off 0.0115 . 
When the dust and dirt settle in an extra-nasty mayoral race , the man most likely to gain custody of all this is a career politician named David Dinkins . 
If this battle were a movie , the producers would be fighting over two scripts with nothing but an opening scene in common . 
If , by that time , the network reaches 14 million homes , the contract will be renewed for five more years . 
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating-point operations every second . 
Mr. Pilson says baseball and the Olympics may help CBS move up to No. 2 in the household ratings race , putting pizazz back into the network 's image . 
Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan meets regularly for lunch with Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady and talks frequently with Budget Director Richard Darman and Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers . 
Mr. Agnelli and the Aga Khan also have some business ties , and a spokesman for the Agnelli company did n't rule out that the current agreement could lead to further collaboration . 
The average yield on small-denomination three-month CDs moved up two-hundredths of a percentage point in the latest week to 7.85 % . 
`` The quarter was terrible , and the future looks anything but encouraging . '' 
It is payable Nov. 30 to units of record Oct. 31 . 
So what is Santa Fe worth ? 
And Mitsukoshi recently increased its equity stake in Tiffany & Co. to 13 % . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Thursday , gold was at $ 368.15 an ounce . 
And now that the price has fallen below $ 19.65 , which many had said showed considerable resistance , some traders and analysts figure there 's little to stop the price from going lower on technical decisions . 
This is football country . 
And the in-and-outer might miss the sudden spurts that account for much of the stock market 's gains over time . 
Ford , which has long boasted of its ability to weather a downturn , saw earnings take a beating . 
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle . 
-- G. Sterling Leiby . 
The company said that the number of access lines dropped slightly in the quarter , a decline attributed to seasonal fluctuations . 
Worried by European Community directives that will remove many of the barriers to cross-border insurance services , starting in mid-1990 , insurers are rushing to find partners and preparing for price wars . 
Philippe Gras , a Renault managing director , said the new line will cover trucks of between 2.5 tons and 4.2 tons and will be built at Renault 's Bapilly plant in France and at DAF 's British plant . 
The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts . 
An apartment complex down the road is the crew-rest and staging area for more than 130 Aeroflot pilots and flight attendants . 
Still , the incident was embarrassing . 
For the week , the index dropped 3.8 % . 
Depending on the size of the gain and the rate of inflation , indexation can mean a lower tax payment than using the 19.6 % rate without indexation . 
But just as every previous NSC adviser has , Gen. Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained . 
The plan is subject to approval by the bankruptcy court and others . 
But as the fright began to spread through the S&P pit , the big brokerage firms came in and bought futures aggressively . 
Normally , Violetta can go about her business without wondering whether she is moving as gracefully as the scenery . 
The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal , and additional funds are expected from Japan . 
Time Warner 's operating earnings got a boost from Warner 's record box-office results . 
`` I would hope very much that we would n't end up in a kind of situation where you have a bidding war and then a veto threat . '' 
In the past 20 months alone , Paul E. Lego , president and chief operating officer , said the divestiture of $ 300 million of slow-growth , low-profit businesses has been more than offset by $ 600 million in profitable acquisitions . 
`` Our image is a company that makes women 's products , '' said a Wacoal spokesman . 
Last Monday , Qintex Australia announced a restructuring plan and said it would sell off assets . 
Stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading , dominated by futures-related program selling and further declines by UAL and other airline stocks . 
It certainly wo n't get there on looks . 
`` After all , Warhol was the ultimate namedropper , dropping five a day in his diaries . 
The 57-year-old tax attorney never even aspired to the job of chief executive . 
The company had a one-time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets . 
The rally spread into European markets , where traders were still betting that the earthquake disrupted the San Francisco area 's large oil refining plants . 
That Moscow , with its dilapidated economic machine , would try to sell high technology to Japan , one of the world 's high-tech leaders , sounds like a coals-to-Newcastle notion . 
Beginning in December 1995 , Galileo will begin a two-year tour of the Jovian moons . 
This has been widely dubbed the BART Series , after the local subway line , and the Bay Bridge Series . 
Moreover , because no one knows for sure just when a recession is coming , some analysts think investors should n't even worry too much about timing . 
COCOA : Futures at first continued the rally begun on Monday , but then faltered and closed lower . 
Some 500 insects and 150 diseases wiggle , chew and romp through growers ' nightmares , including maggots , mites , mildew , thrips , black rot and the flat-headed borer . 
TV evangelist : salesparson . 
Shrubs and flowers give it a pleasing and non-fortress-like appearance . 
This can be thought of as a pessimistic prediction , perhaps driven by the sequestering effects of the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law or possibly a relaxation of tensions with the Soviet Union . 
The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that this year Americans will eat about 40 % more fresh apples per capita than the Japanese . 
The rise matches that of the Dow Jones industrials this year . 
Tymnet is a major network linking computers . 
Because the exchange 's computer was rerouting orders to the exchange 's trading operations in Los Angeles , `` business is as usual '' Mr. Vyas said . 
RMI Titanium Co. -- 15 million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
The other part of the transaction will see Beghin-Say sell its 50 % stake in its Kaysersberg paper affiliate to an unspecified unit of the petrochemical group Montedison S.p . A. , which is also controlled by Ferruzzi . 
But Mr. Pilson has been put in the uncomfortable role of setting off a bidding frenzy for sports rights , a frenzy that the networks had hoped to avoid . 
And then there 's always State U . 
Late Monday , the Federal Reserve Board said it is delaying approval of First Union Corp. 's proposed $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending the outcome of an examination into First Union 's lending practices in low-income heighborhoods . 
The action came as the administration won final congressional approval of $ 9 million in assistance for elections scheduled in Nicaragua in February . 
While the proposal won a slight majority , the 51-48 vote was well short of the two-thirds needed to approve changes in the Constitution . 
December corn futures added 2.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 2.4225 a bushel on the Board of Trade . 
A spokesman for Chicago-based Santa Fe Pacific confirmed that negotiations were being held with the fund . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.575 % 30 days ; 8.50 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
That 's the way a lot of brokers feel today on the second anniversary of the 1987 stock-market crash . 
Some countries also have been pressing for special treatment for Hungary and Poland as they move toward more democratic rule , just as special treatment had been agreed on for China . 
`` You could buy at the bid and sell at the offer and make a fortune , '' he marveled . 
Many states already have Enterprise Zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities . 
-- Freshman football player . 
The U.S. Attorney 's office filed a criminal complaint against six bank employees charging them with conspiracy in the scheme , which apparently was capable of handling millions of dollars a week by funneling cash through fictitious bank accounts . 
The gain reflects fresh economic evidence that inflation is moderating while the economy slows . 
Under terms of the loan agreement , Amdura said it will omit the next quarterly dividends on its Series A , B , C and D preferred shares , which are due Nov. 15 . 
The catalyst for all this has been OPEC . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1\/4 point higher , or up about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Thus the very fickleness of baby boomers may make it possible to win them back , just as it was possible to lose them . 
Schwinn Bicycle Co. , Chicago , established joint ventures with bike companies in mainland China and Hungary to sell bikes . 
The OTC stocks in the S&P 500 include Nasdaq 's biggest , such as Apple Computer , MCI Communications , Tele-Communications and Liz Claiborne . 
Mesa flies to 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas . 
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7 % bonds due 2009 fell one point . 
Their effort has received a lukewarm response from the Justice Department . 
Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis and diagnostic analysis . 
Last week , underwriters were forced to postpone three junk bond deals because of recent weakness in the market . 
Meanwhile , Japanese government bonds retreated in quiet trading , stymied by the dollar 's resiliency . 
So the Federal Reserve is an attractive target for complaint by politicians . 
Shell Canada , an oil and gas producer and marketer , is a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , an Anglo-Dutch concern . 
A U.S. decision to refuse the IMF its capital increase , or limit it to 25 % , would bring a major change in international economic policy , and could not be taken lightly . 
Fujisawa Pharmaceutical gained 130 to 1,930 yen ( $ 13.64 ) a share , Mochida Pharmaceutical was up 150 at 4,170 , and Eisai advanced 60 to 2,360 . 
Also under Chapter 11 , a reorganization plan is subject to approval by bondholders , banks and other creditors . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Lack of important , needed information can cause fear . 
In the long run , investment advisers say , most investors will be better off using the dollar-cost averaging method of buying stocks . 
In pursuit of this mystery , Keynesian adepts and twin-deficit mavens need not apply . 
`` It pretty much confirms what we had been expecting , '' said Anthony Hatch , an analyst at PaineWebber Inc . 
`` I 'm afraid of a popular revolt if this situation is n't corrected , '' he adds . 
The proposal split the industry in two , along the lines of national origin : North Koreans oppose the plan while South Koreans , Japanese and Taiwanese accept it or are neutral . 
Suits are likely to be filed against engineering firms , contractors and developers , as well as against local-government agencies . 
PRECIOUS METALS : 
The consumer-products and light-industrial sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures , and foreign companies such as Givaudan that deal with those industries are being hit the hardest . 
Foreigners involved in prostitution will be punished according to the law , and those with sexually transmitted diseases will be expelled from the country , according to the regulations . 
Japanese and U.S. photographic firms are beginning to produce electronic cameras and X-rays that do n't require silver , dealers say . 
Also precluded would be dual trading , whereby a broker trades for customers as well as his own account , a practice that provides needed liquidity to the markets . 
There are two versions of `` Measure for Measure '' on stage at the Alley Theater here . 
This is just not so . 
But here in Morgenzon , a sleepy town amid the corn fields of the eastern Transvaal , the Orange Workers are holding the pillars steady . 
Readers of these columns ( `` The Science Police , '' May 15 ) will recall that Dr. Baltimore was merely the most well-known part of the Dingell committee 's larger investigation , which touched MIT , Tufts , Duke , the National Institutes of Health and elsewhere . 
The company also said its 1990 annual meeting has not been scheduled . 
Recent surveys by Leo J. Shapiro & Associates , a market research firm in Chicago , suggest that Sears is having a tough time attracting shoppers because it has n't yet done enough to improve service or its selection of merchandise . 
Blue Arrow added 1\/2 to 17 1\/4 . 
During that time , Control Data had losses of more than $ 1 billion . 
His Tuesday night team , the Leftovers , is in first place . 
The regional Federal Reserve Bank setup , for instance , may be out of date . 
Meanwhile , Lockheed Corp. priced a $ 300 million note offering to yield 9.39 % . 
To avoid this deficit Mr. Lawson inflated the pound in order to prevent its rise . 
It has a similar project for 200,000 cars a year . 
AMONG THE CATFISH farmers in the watery delta land of Humphreys County , Miss. , Allen D. Tharp of Isola was one of the best known and most enterprising . 
`` Anyone telling you to buy stocks in this market is technically irresponsible . 
Mr. Sutton recalls : `` When I left , I sat down with Charlie { Rangel } , Basil { Paterson } and David , and David said , ` Who will run for borough president ? ' And I said , ` You will . ' '' 
Health-care companies should get healthier in the third quarter . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete . 
`` I 'll find out , eventually , who pushed the state police buttons into action . '' 
But Manville 's ownership is unusual , and it has caught the eye of some canny -- and patient -- investors . 
Lloyd 's 66 % stake in that market has shrunk to 50 % in that period , according to an official at the Institute of London Underwriters , a Lloyd 's competitor . 
Now , he said , a slowdown in economic activity has slackened demand . 
According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure . 
The two companies , like Fox , already have their own TV stations . 
`` We have to study their experience very well , '' he says . 
His selection increases the size of the board to 12 members . 
In January 1989 , the two men acquired the non-packaging assets of Triangle , including a controlling stake in Avery and , by extension , Uniroyal Chemical . 
Consultants say that Wang 's technology is among the best available in the image market . 
Fiscal first-half sales slipped 3.9 % to $ 528.4 million from $ 549.9 million . 
SELL ` WHISPER ' STOCKS . 
The Conservative government 's decision may reflect its desire to shed a politically sensitive issue well before the next election , expected in late 1991 . 
In the nine months , net fell 6.3 % to $ 427.7 million , or $ 3.98 a share , from $ 456.4 million , or $ 4 a share , a year earlier . 
The company said fiscal 1989 revenue increased about 30 % to more than $ 32 million from $ 25.3 million . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Eagle shares rose 12.5 cents to $ 11 . 
In the cornucopia of go-go apples , the Fuji 's track record stands out : During the past 15 years , it has gone from almost zilch to some 50 % of Japan 's market . 
How deeply do they read it ? 
And the study said federal courts should set firm trial dates early in the process . 
Now they 're losers and he 's in jail in Mobile County . 
Paul H. Aloe , an attorney for Odeon owner Keith McNally , denied the allegations . 
But other analysts expressed disappointment that the cost-cutting move wo n't result in even greater earnings growth . 
As the building 's new owner , Chase will have its work cut out for it . 
However , it said examiners found a variety of insider dealings at the thrift , including `` extraordinary loan commissions '' paid to a firm associated with Vision Banc officials , and loans diverted through borrowers back to the thrift officials . 
It was fear of disturbing EMS exchange-rate relationships that caused the Chirac government in France to be timid about cutting tax rates . 
So far , they say , it has n't had any noticeable effect on response rates . 
When it threatened to use this provision as the test for a line-item veto , Congress caved . 
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it formed a unit to make and distribute movies to theaters overseas and , eventually , to U.S. theaters , too . 
As a result of their illness , the Beebes said , they lost $ 1.8 million in wages and earnings . 
`` It was a healthy cleansing , '' says Michael Holland , who runs Salomon Brothers Asset Management in New York . 
His resignation follows a hostile takeover of the ad agency in May by WPP of Britain . 
Marketing and sales departments then urged abandonment of the pico project . 
HealthVest said two of its lenders have given it notices of default on bank loans and said they may take actions to recover their loans . 
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said . 
Toyota Motor Corp. grandly touted its system in a car that splits in half to reveal the suspension 's inner workings . 
The action renews concern about buyouts in high-tech industries . 
Stock-index arbitrage -- the computer-guided buying and selling of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies -- affects the OTC market directly through the 31 stocks included in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
Although it may not be legally obligated to sell the company if the buy-out group ca n't revive its bid , it may have to explore alternatives if the buyers come back with a bid much lower than the group 's original $ 300-a-share proposal . 
x - Year-to-date 1988 figure includes Volkswagen domestic-production through July . 
A four-stock portfolio is still exposed to a great deal of unnecessary risk . 
The space shuttle Atlantis blasted into orbit from Cape Canaveral , Fla. , and its crew of five astronauts launched the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on a flight to the planet Jupiter . 
He bases the estimate on a survey of hundreds of Digital 's largest customers . 
One executive said an accord signed by the unsecured creditors of L.J. Hooker Corp. had frozen in place all of L.J. Hooker 's assets . 
Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a thrill for the cyclist but a nightmare for unsuspecting hikers or equestrians . 
Developers are also eyeing the real estate portfolios of major corporations . 
But this is not the entire Afghan army , and it is no longer Kabul 's only military force . 
To fight back , activists such as Mr. Langton are forming groups to lobby land managers over access issues and undertake education programs to show that the bikes can responsibly share trails . 
`` Japanese stock salesmen selling American bonds ? 
Southam agreed to sell its 47 % stake in Selkirk Communications Ltd. , a broadcasting concern , to Maclean Hunter Ltd. for about C$ 285 million last year . 
Mr. Baker 's assistant for inter-American affairs , Bernard Aronson , while maintaining that the Sandinistas had also broken the cease-fire , acknowledged : `` It 's never very clear who starts what . '' 
Biotechnology issues were strong . 
Brian Petre , a former Wang salesman in upstate New York , says : `` You have pride in your job . 
In this method , a person invests a regular amount every month or quarter into the stock market whether the market is up or down . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , as previously reported , had net of $ 65.9 million , reversing a $ 3.5 million loss a year earlier ; its latest results include a $ 37 million gain from the sale of an institutional money management business . 
-- Some 17.2 % of all money income received by families in 1988 went to the wealthiest 5 % of all families , up from 16.9 % in 1987 . 
Marks & Spencer plans to open roughly 18 more U.S. stores in the next five years . 
Even before the huge new projects began , the Strip 's recent expansion squeezed smaller competitors . 
Something other than what most scientists would recognize as the truth is being sought here . ) 
So the White House announced that Mr. Bush got his first earthquake briefing of the day at 6:30 a.m. from chief of staff John Sununu . 
In Cherry Hill , the National Abortion Rights Action League , whose goal is to sign up 50,000 pro-choice voters , targets a union breakfast to build labor support for its cause . 
The tender offer for Gen-Probe 's shares is expected to begin next Monday , the company said . 
Since Friday 's dive in stock market prices , the Fed has injected reserves into the banking system in an effort to calm the markets and avert a repeat of 1987 's stock market debacle . 
You might not find one in the ` Jurisprudence ' column . 
Mr. Della Femina will be joint chairman with former WCRS executive Robin Wight . 
Although the legislation would apply to any acquisition of a major airline , it is aimed at transactions financed by large amounts of debt . 
The executives were accused of improperly deferring expenses and booking revenue early , in an effort to dress up results -- and perhaps bolster performance-related bonuses . 
Mr. Trump never obtained financing for his bid . 
BRIEFS : 
Rockwell International Corp. received a $ 26.7 million Navy contract for submarine ballistic missiles . 
Jeffrey L. Liddle , the two men 's attorney at Liddle , O'Connor , Finkelstein & Robinson , said Mr. Kelly began working at Dean Witter in 1987 . 
But there still may be prolonged debate and political maneuvering that holds up the $ 156.7 billion funding bill for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1 . 
The financial problems are particularly frustrating for salespeople pushing Wang 's image systems , which convert paper forms to electronic documents . 
It said long-term interest rates , then above 9 % , could drop to 7 % by the end of 1989 , so bonds , which benefit from falling rates , would be a good buy . 
This autumn 's edition of the biannual fair will run through Oct. 31 . 
It is hoped that other Japanese would then follow the leader . 
`` We need to have somebody worried so they do n't do this again . '' 
So Mr. Lawson had to resign . 
But sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market . 
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing . 
But despite the flurry of interest in those shares , dealers said , the market remains nervous about Wall Street 's volatility and high U.K. interest rates . 
But many bankers remain nervous , especially as the start-up of the contract continues to be delayed . 
`` Things work out unexpectedly in life , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
Management Co. manages entertainers and produces , markets and finances entertainment . 
For the nine months , the latest loss trimmed net income to $ 3.6 million , which after payment of preferred dividends represented a 31-cent loss a common share . 
Air & Water Technologies Corp. completed the acquisition of Falcon Associates Inc. , a Bristol , Pa. , asbestos-abatement concern , for $ 25 million of stock . 
The day was saturated with the weight of its own impending history . 
Last week a closely held New Jersey concern , Papetti High-Grade Egg Products Co. , rolled out an aseptically packaged liquefied item called Table Ready . 
Its stock has slumped recently , closing unchanged Friday at $ 29 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ; at that price , the company has a market value of about $ 278.4 million . 
`` It means that Sikes is serious about the deregulation of long distance , '' said Jack Grubman , a telecommunications analyst at PaineWebber Inc. , who attended the FCC meeting . 
Computations involving zero-coupon CDs are more complicated and you should discuss any questions you may have with your financial consultant . '' 
Senate Republicans , after repeatedly failing to attach death-penalty amendments to unrelated legislation , have finally gotten a full-blown death-penalty bill through committee . 
Negotiations `` have started con - structively , but that 's not to say we like this particular offer , '' says Wilbur Ross of Rothschild Inc. , adviser to SCI TV junk-holders . 
But in the end , it must be rejected for logical as well as moral reasons . 
THE HOUSE FAILED to override Bush 's veto of a bill easing abortion funding . 
For the nine months , the Morris Township , N.J.-based company , with businesses in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials , earned $ 413 million , or $ 2.77 cents a share , up 15 % from $ 359 million , or $ 2.40 a share . 
John Markese , director of research for the American Association of Individual Investors , raises a cautionary note . 
First Fidelity said non-performing assets increased to $ 482.3 million Sept. 30 from $ 393.1 million June 30 . 
The cash payout will be reduced by 40 % of any amount by which the weighted mean price of Ramada 's common stock exceeds $ 14 on the day the transaction closes . 
The dollar was mixed . 
Although many of the transactions related to those securities have n't been completed , Columbia said the ultimate gain on the sale of those assets will range from $ 200 million to $ 300 million . 
Combined with their two pre-quake victories , way back on Oct. 14 and 15 ( the scores were 5-0 and 5-1 , remember ? ) , that gave them a sweep of the best-of-seven series . 
But critics consider the changes regressive . 
`` Now , I feel maybe there 's a little bit of euphoria . '' 
The state of New Hampshire has favored that plan . 
The Boston Globe says its newly redesigned pages have a `` crisper '' look with revamped fixtures aimed at making the paper `` more consistent '' and `` easier to read . '' 
Michael late yesterday announced a $ 3.8 million stock buy-back program . 
Also , Chairman Pierre Lortie resigned . 
Starting tomorrow , I 'm stalking you . 
Despite the Composite 's advance , some trading officials are guardedly optimistic that the market is on the road to recovery . 
NASA said General Dynamics will launch CRRES using an Atlas 1 rocket . 
Studies show , the consultants say , that people absorb information better and remember it longer if they receive it visually . 
`` I 've done what I came to do '' at Kidder , he says . 
Last year 's retrenchment dried up the working capital of Chinese factories . 
All this makes asset-backed securities seem too risky for many people . 
They could all fairly be described as `` pap '' courses . 
Mr. Terrizzi wo n't say specifically , explaining that if there was such a move , it would take about three days to complete the loose ends of the transaction . 
For instance , employment in Denver will be reduced to 105 from 430 . 
Many plant floors currently resemble a Tower of Babel , with computers , robots and machine tools that generally speak their own language and have trouble talking to each other . 
While international politics may argue for the capital increase , there is a clear economic case against it . 
There 's a casino , the financial heart of it all . 
`` As we 've seen in the '80s , '' says Roger Werner , the president of the ESPN sports channel , `` those deals can turn sour if the numbers do n't work . 
HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta , said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common . 
We scribblers quickly concurred that not only was the bad rep of big-time college sports richly earned , but also that it could be corrected . 
Smiling broadly when he talks about Mr. Carpenter , Mr. Cathcart says the new Kidder chief is `` going to be recognized shortly as one of the real leaders in the investment-banking business . '' 
Now you discover that you never learned the most important lesson : How to send your kids to college . 
Marketers speculate that more affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives and do n't have time to research the products they buy for the highest quality and most reasonable price . 
Under the compromise , the $ 4.25 level would be reached nine months earlier , while the training subminimum would be shorter , unless it is tied to a training plan . 
The U.S. Coast Guard closed six miles of the Houston Ship Channel , where about 150 companies have operations , because the thick , black smoke obscured the area . 
The problem is not that the Fed is too unresponsive to the public interest . 
China-bound freight streams through the territory 's port . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve ( U.S. . ) results and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
Investors believe they can can rely on such derivative securities to get in and out of the stock market without actually selling any stocks ; that is , a way of staying liquid even when they own stocks . 
All foreign markets are aggressively courting U.S. business . 
Analysts predict a 3.5 % rise in the deflator , after climbing 4.6 % in the second quarter . 
Become a Lobbyist 
WHICH IS the best medicine for runaway health costs : competition or regulation ? 
Nobody knows how many billions of dollars the Americans With Disabilities Act will cost , because nobody knows what the bill entails . 
Lockheed Corp. -- $ 300 million of 9 3\/8 % notes due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 99.90 to yield 9.39 % . 
Now there 's a new wrinkle in what young doctors want : More than half of 300 residents responding to recent survey said they 'd prefer a guaranteed salary over traditional fee-for-service compensation in their first professional position . 
Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge . 
I heard parts of the building above my head cracking . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
The Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb the nation 's rapidly growing black market for hard currency . 
As a result , Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % . 
For OPEC , that 's ideal . 
But it 's like falling off a horse and getting back on . '' 
In place of the games , ABC said it planned to broadcast next week 's episodes of its prime-time Wednesday and Thursday lineups , except for a one-hour special on the earthquake at 10 p.m. last night . 
Dayton Hudson said it accepted all odd-lot shares tendered at or below the final $ 62.875 price ; the preliminary proration factor for other shares tendered at or below the final price is 98 % . 
Infrared motion detectors and closed-circuit TV cameras monitor the entire center ; lighting levels are three to five times the industry standard . 
Mr. Pissocra , 56 years old , will be responsible for the company 's 10 banks in the Eastern region . 
Many in the Bay Area 's pastry community express disbelief that Ms. Shere kept only one copy of such valuable notes , but she has received moral support from Baker 's Dozen , a group of California pastry chefs that meets regularly to discuss issues like how to keep meringues from weeping and how bovine eating habits affect butter texture . 
In short , throw away the passbook and go for the glory . 
There are the supply-side globalists , who seek to spread the advantages of a common currency through fixed exchange rates . 
Though imports were troublesome , they were n't running away with the market , and American companies had high hopes that steel import quotas would be extended for another five years . 
Third-quarter results included net realized capital gains of $ 48 million , which included $ 27 million from the sale of Federated Investors in August and a $ 15 million tax credit . 
The agreements are with Security Pacific National Bank and an affiliate of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
`` About one-third of the fatality increase is attributed to greater travel , and about two-thirds is attributed to other factors { primarily to greater speed } , '' according to NHTSA . 
This is an enviably low level . 
Where '60s dropouts professed to scorn middle-class life and ambitious yuppies hoped to leave it far behind as they scaled the upper reaches of success , it now seems that so many people feel they 're slipping between the cracks , that middle-class life is viewed with nostalgia or outright longing . 
`` The outlook is positive for the intermediate to long term . '' 
Because commercial banks and the developing-country governments believe they will get a piece of any capital increase , a scaled-down IMF mission would leave both feeling shortchanged . 
We know firsthand the discrimination addressed by the act : to be told there 's no place for your child in school ; to spend lonely hours at home because there is no transportation for someone in a wheelchair ; to be denied employment because you are disabled . 
Alusuisse , of New York , declined to say how much it expects to get for the unit ; the company has hired First Boston Corp. to help identify bidders . 
This program , combined with cash grants to needy students , would reduce program costs and much more effectively target the intended beneficiaries . 
World prices tumbled , mostly from their own weight , according to analysts . 
-- `` Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played for fun again , and not for the big bowl revenues or lucrative TV contracts '' . 
Immunex will have the option to buy back Receptech shares after five years . 
The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 and $ 149.69 billion in 1987 . 
At the hearing , Mr. Seidman said the RTC has already pumped $ 729 million into Lincoln for liquidity . 
It is 38.5 % owned by Canadian Express , another holding company . 
So the producers went to Capitol Hill , where a congressman from Georgia introduced a measure to ban centrifugal egg-breaking machines . 
The massive temblor , which killed at least 61 people , severed the Bay Bridge , a major artery to the east , and closed most ramps leading to and from Highway 101 , the biggest artery to the south . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % six months . 
Recall that Nicaragua 's Sandinistas came into Managua as partners in a coalition government with anti-Somoza moderates . 
Moreover , they note that LTV may be trying to send a signal to major customers , such as Chrysler Corp. and Whirlpool Corp. , that steelmakers need more money . 
Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the pound 's weak state after Mr. Lawson 's resignation and the yen 's inability to strengthen substantially when there are dollar retreats . 
The report showed that deaths on urban interstate highways rose 7 % between 1986 and last year , while fatalities on non-interstate roads were about the same in 1988 as in 1986 . 
His success is easy to understand . 
`` The winners , '' he predicts , `` will be brands from car makers that have traditionally been associated with quality and value . '' 
Mr. Goodfellow has started a Menlo Park , Calif. , company called Anterior Technology that provides human editors for public electronic networks . 
( Some exchange wags call the building `` the oil rig . '' ) 
The World Bank also offered 100 million Swiss francs of 6 % bonds due Nov. 16 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 5.83 % via Credit Suisse . 
It had profit of $ 48.6 million , or $ 2.46 a share , in the 1988 period . 
But that does n't mean Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not eventually get their hands on some of their projects ; studios develop hundreds of movies but produce only 10 to 20 each year . 
Wells Fargo continued to generate one of the highest profit margins among major banks , minimizing a drop in net interest margin with 13 % third-quarter growth in high-yielding business loans and similar growth in mortgages . 
Consider Adopting Your Spouse 's Name 
In the process HUD has wasted untold billions , created slums and invited corruption . 
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health . 
Instead of focusing on the Contras , Mr. Bush has switched to urging members of Congress -- most recently in a White House meeting yesterday -- to approve financing for the election campaign of political opponents of Nicaragua 's Sandinista government . 
He added : `` Banks must open their books . '' 
With three minutes left on the clock , Mr. Aikman takes the snap , steps back and fires a 21-yard pass -- straight into the hands of an Atlanta defensive back . 
Casinos today offer bowling alleys , water parks , golf courses , tennis courts , lush swimming pools and other diversions , and more such facilities are being designed . 
But only bridges supported with single rows of columns were top priority , and the Nimitz Freeway , supported by double rows , was left out , Mr. Drago explained . 
But he said it wo n't climb further and he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 and $ 1.25 . 
f - Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota Corolla . 
When that happened , `` seismic '' tremors of fear -- much like the shock waves created by an earthquake -- coursed through the market and increased the market 's volatility . 
Now , the 55-year-old car shopper is zeroing in on a full-sized van , figuring that it 's just the thing to haul nine grandchildren and pull a boat at the same time . 
As part of the quake recovery effort , the city Building Department has surveyed about 3,000 buildings , including all of the Financial District 's high-rises . 
Direct-mail executives see GM 's stand as an ominous sign -- even if the junk-mail kings did bring it on themselves . 
But those dollars at risk pale in comparison to the investment required to make and ship spring goods to Campeau stores . 
Just yesterday , New Hampshire announced it made a $ 75,000 settlement with Drexel , a record-tying fine for a securities-law matter in that state . 
Share prices on the Frankfurt stock exchange closed sharply lower in thin dealings as worried investors remained idle as the result of two potentially destabilizing domestic developments . 
Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm . 
The illogic and inaccuracy of John H. Adams 's comments for the National Resources Defense Council fully justifies your characterization of California 's Greens in particular as `` la-la activists . '' 
Oil has long been Mr. Corry 's pet . 
How can a company be considered `` privatized '' if the state is so heavily represented in it ? 
Futures prices rose on a report that Cuba may seek to postpone some sugar shipments . 
But there is not one shred of evidence that , other things being equal , salary differentials result in educational differentials . 
But he said he believes the second quarter 's 5 % rate `` will prove to have been this year 's peak quarterly inflation rate . '' 
Carl Ericson , who runs the Colonial Intermediate High Income Fund , says the fund 's 25 % leverage has jacked up its interest income . 
The Soviet newspaper Trud reported that Mickey Mouse will appear in a Russian-language comic book to be issued four times a year by Soviet publisher Fizkultura i Sport and Denmark 's Gutenberghus Group . 
They are : `` A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Greed , Corruption and Football at SMU '' ( Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 ) by David Whitford ; `` Big Red Confidential : Inside Nebraska Football '' ( Contemporary , 231 pages , $ 17.95 ) by Armen Keteyian ; and `` Never Too Young to Die : The Death of Len Bias '' ( Pantheon , 252 pages , $ 18.95 ) by Lewis Cole . 
Even if stock prices fully recover from Friday 's sharp decline , the unsettled conditions will frighten many investors . 
Men are still combing the beach with shovels and hand brushes , searching for that unusual glint . 
But `` safe , '' in the definition of Marie Bass of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project , means `` there 's been no evidence so far of mortality . '' 
The deficit-reduction bill became snagged over efforts to streamline the House version of the legislation in advance of a House-Senate conference . 
Orders from Campeau retailers used to be cause for celebration . 
Mr. Lloyd said if Qintex had defaulted it could have been required to repay $ 92 million in debt under its loan agreements . 
Nowhere in the federal securities law is simple negligence or inadvertent action a source of liability under similar circumstances . 
They wear tuxedos most nights , unless circumstances ( a regular gig at a `` tropical '' lounge , for example ) require them to wear special costumes , like Hawaiian shirts . 
Just after Hurricane Hugo battered South Carolina , some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes . 
`` You can see the highs and lows of the business all under one roof , '' she tells the group . 
And investment is the key word for base metals , and most other businesses Trelleborg is in . 
`` The resignation came as a great surprise . '' 
Belgium decided that investors who demand the delivery of their securities when they buy shares or domestic bonds will have to pay an additional 100 Belgian francs ( about $ 2.60 ) for each transaction , bringing the total fee to 200 francs . 
There have been some reports that Mr. Krenz is moving to `` soften '' his reputation , notably rumors that it was he who kept East Germany 's state police off protesters ' backs at the country 's dismal 40th anniversary celebrations earlier this month . 
If they wo n't change their ways voluntarily , maybe somebody bigger -- Congress -- should make them . 
Sony is paying a hefty price for a company that had revenue of only $ 42 million last year . 
Winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn because unit sales in its bread-and-butter motor home business tumbled 25 % industrywide in August , and 10.4 % in the first eight months of the year . 
Mr. Dillow said the data show the economy `` is still quite strong , '' but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises . 
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40-year-old former governor of the state of Alagoas . 
This somewhat-ambiguous assessment moves one Alliance portfolio manager to ask : `` So , what is this -- a Stealth recession ? '' 
A sudden surge or drop in electric power could ruin integrated circuits being built . 
As one of his defenders so aptly put it , President Reagan was simply doing what he had always done before his election ( and some would say thereafter as well ) . 
The Oversight Board , created in the savings-and-loan law signed in August , sets policy for the RTC , which will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets . 
Note how the baseline program assumes a sharp increase in future appropriations . 
Michael Fisher , general manager of KTXL , a Fox affiliate in Sacramento , Calif. , said , `` The real question is whether the Paramount-MCA offering is practical . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
And the vacillation did n't end there . 
Note that the younger couple 's portfolio has a higher expected annual return , 10.1 % vs. 8.8 % , as calculated by Seidman Financial Services , which is the financial-planning affiliate of BDO Seidman . 
After touring the area , California Gov. George Deukmejian late yesterday called for an inquiry into the freeway 's collapse , blaming the disaster on substandard construction , the Associated Press reported . 
But if there is no impending threat , it can get to be very expensive . 
The company said that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility , but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks . 
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said . 
The company attributed the earnings drop to lower volume related to seasonal demand and the soft consumer durable market , especially in the automotive sector . 
But the basic technology in the line is almost five years old , which means it is long in the tooth , and competitors are rolling out strong products of their own . 
His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho-Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . 
Mr. Hammack is eager to know what Aetna will pay for the house , which has to come down . 
He says courts have held that antitrust considerations are outweighed in such cases by the need to protect consumers from deceptive marketing . 
Sen. Boren said the committee could n't defend itself by making the documents public because that would violate classification rules . 
That 's about all it costs to appease Adm. Erich Raeder 's ghost . 
Customers of either DataTimes or Dow Jones News\/Retrieval are able to access the information on both services . 
The citation was misstated in Friday 's edition . 
Still , all this comes nearly a year and a half after Philip Pizzo of the National Cancer Institute offered evidence that AZT could reverse the ravages of AIDS dementia , sometimes prompting dramatic recovery of IQ levels and reappearance of lost motor skills . 
Mr. Bush has called for an agreement by next September at the latest . 
This week , many carriers are announcing cut-rate fares designed to get people to fly on some of the most hallowed -- and slowest -- days of the year , including Christmas . 
Lionel also said the offer by Robert I. Toussie Limited Partnership is inadequate , and full of conditions that leave it `` subject to substantial uncertainty . '' 
Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
After years of wild swings , oil prices over the last 12 months have settled at around $ 15 to $ 20 a barrel . 
Were not the pictures and happenings , which have been continuing news headlines , answers enough ? 
`` One lady from New York said she 's not going home until the { World Series } is over . '' 
Burmah Oil PLC , a British independent oil and specialty-chemicals marketing concern , said SHV Holdings N.V. has built up a 7.5 % stake in the company . 
The government sought a criminal penalty because `` no cleanup is possible here . 
I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago . 
Moreover , one investment banker , who requested anonymity , said his firm did n't raise the ante for a target company earlier this month after a stronger bid emerged from a public company that was n't concerned about the financing provision . 
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit-card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR . 
Then , two weeks ago -- declaring that `` I 'm not looking for any conflict over this '' -- the president said he would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest . 
For the portion of an investor 's portfolio that stays in stocks , professionals have a number of suggestions . 
In the end , after meeting with the former housekeeper , Stevens sits by the seashore at dusk , thinking of her and of his employer , and declares `` I trusted . 
Then , as an additional precaution , the car dealership took the judge 's photograph as he stood next to his new car with sales papers in hand -- proof that he had received the loan documents . 
That 's helping put pressure on both the market 's winners and its losers . 
The lobbying group used publicly available information to calculate each company 's domestic profits and its federal income tax payments . 
He was found not guilty of three charges , involving accusations that he had improperly disclosed information about a sensitive , government investigation . 
But Robert Gabele , president of Invest\/Net , a North Miami , Fla. , company that packages and sells the insider-trading data , said the proposal is worded so vaguely that key officials may fail to file the reports . 
K mart developed the centers , which range in size from about 150,000 square feet to just over 250,000 square feet . 
In other words , it was a better-than-average Manhattan commute . 
Sen. Mitchell said that congressional Democrats intend to honor the March agreement to give non-lethal support to the Contras through the February elections , although he added that the agreement requires that the Contras not initiate any military action . 
( NYSE ; Symbol : TW ) 
Mutual funds have also been net sellers of junk bonds as junk 's relatively poor performance and negative press coverage have produced `` above-normal '' redemptions by shareholders , Deltec said . 
But , she says , `` I guess I did n't really notice the trees . 
Catalog companies are likely to pose a bigger threat to all stores this year , particularly in December . 
The accord is for a turbogenerator plant at the coal-fired power station Hemweg in Amsterdam . 
`` We do n't disclose specifics . '' 
The only thing a lot of these lenders can get out of their mouth now is : ` Pay me in 60 days . ' '' 
Instead of hoping to sell his USAir stake at analysts ' estimated buy-out price of $ 80 a share , Mr. Steinhardt is stuck with roughly 3.7 million USAir shares that cost him $ 45 , on average , but yesterday closed at 40 1\/2 , up 1\/4 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
But they have no desire to eat a bowl of psyllium each morning , and , perhaps , little need : lean , frugal vegetarians , the farmers are innocents in the clogged , treacherous world of cholesterol . 
`` Back in 1987-88 , business was operating at fairly tight capacity , so businesses felt they could raise prices . '' 
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher might , however , be receptive to any request by Jaguar Chairman Sir John Egan for the restriction 's early removal to let GM amass more than 15 % or mount a friendly suitor bid against Ford . 
Acting more than a year after Ms. Bertussi filed a complaint , the panel issued a `` letter of reproval '' saying Rep. Bates had admitted conduct that violated a House rule forbidding discrimination against employees on account of their sex . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 6.76 points to 2603.48 in light trading after losing more than 92 points last week . 
The average six-month bill was sold with a yield of 8.04 % , up from 7.90 % . 
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times-Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser . 
The forfeiture memo cited `` considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process . '' 
McCaw wants to buy 22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each , or $ 2.75 billion , which would result in McCaw 's owning 50.3 % of LIN . 
A resistance government would walk into Kabul . 
They pause only to register little whimpers of distress and sighs of satisfaction , like tourists cataloging the sights they 've seen from the window of a bus . 
The three most important things to understand about Mr. Allen is that he is a black conservative intellectual -- a triple threat to the liberal establishment . 
PWA 's long-term debt and capital lease obligations rose to C$ 1.24 billion at the end of the second quarter , nearly double the year-earlier figure , reflecting debt absorbed under the Wardair purchase . 
But K mart 's Mr. Antonini is intent on pushing the company into new retail businesses . 
The capital appreciation bonds are tentatively priced to yield to maturity from 7 % in 2001 to 7.10 % in 2003-2005 . 
But Mr. Stein said he is `` reasonably confident '' that earnings for the full year will exceed the $ 3.1 million , or 17 cents a share , in 1988 . 
On Tuesday , for instance , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 80 points in little more than an hour . 
Microsoft earned $ 3.03 a share in fiscal 1989 . 
So DARPA is trying to keep the industry interested in developing large display panels by doling out research funds . 
Catherine Adams , the Beebes ' lawyer , said the verdict would not discourage other plaintiffs from filing such suits . 
Chevron Corp. , Amoco Corp. , Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , and Eastman Kodak Co. are among the U.S. companies known to be considering such ventures . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Edelman said from Sept. 29 to Oct. 13 , he acquired 309,500 shares of Intelogic common shares for $ 2.25 to $ 2.375 each . 
But the club still insists that public lands ought to be closed to the bikes unless studies indicate the bikes wo n't injure the environment or other users . 
Now they do n't have to , '' he says . 
NASA awarded the contract to CSC in November but an appeal by Sterling Software Inc. of Dallas sent the contract to the General Services Administration Board of Contract Appeals and the board required NASA to re-evaluate bidders ' proposals . 
Serial bonds are priced to yield to 7 % in 1999 . 
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said . 
Quarterly revenue rose 4.5 % , to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
`` We 're getting to the point where we are going to have to meet '' with him , one Ford official said yesterday . 
Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1,200,000 units , via PaineWebber . 
It continues through the life of the center ; the Vermont-Slauson Center has created 500 permanent private-sector jobs at a one-time cost in public funds of only $ 2,500 per job . 
This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a `` bill , '' and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills . 
The guidelines could foil future arrangements similar to the deal behind Lithox Inc. , a Salem , Mass. , start-up , says Robert Daly , a managing partner of TA Associates , a venture-capital firm . 
The index , which uses a base of 1981 as 100 , was calculated at 140.91 points in October , from 140.74 in September . 
In the period just ended , computers accounted for 44 % of total sales , NEC said , and electrical devices made up 23 % . 
Thompson , a unit of WPP Group , will handle Faberge Organic shampoo and conditioner and Aqua Net hairspray . 
Bias 's coach , Lefty Driesell , ordered the room in which Bias died to be cleaned before the police could arrive ( the order was n't carried out ) , and the school 's athletics director issued false information about the academic standing of Bias and other players . 
UAL'S STOCK SKIDDED an additional $ 24.875 , to $ 198 , as British Airways indicated it may balk at any hastily revised version of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Air 's parent . 
But China 's official Xinhua News Agency reported that the number of foreign businessmen was greater than the previous fair -- without providing statistics . 
These days Nissan can afford that strategy , even though profits are n't exactly robust . 
Villages like Zalubice exist in a desert of poor schools and few doctors . 
He reaped inflation along with rapid growth , no doubt validating Sir Alan 's predictions in the Prime Minister 's mind . 
Complying with environmental and workplace regulations runs a close second . 
But such thin-slab technology is only the beginning . 
Mevacor , Merck 's new cholesterol-lowering drug , had higher sales than any other prescription medicine has ever achieved in the U.S. in the year following introduction , the company said . 
Instead , he said that the purpose is simply for the two to get `` better acquainted '' and discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda . 
Usually when a Japanese company is ready to sell , it has few alternatives remaining , and the grim demeanors of Sansui 's directors at a joint news conference here left little doubt that this was not the company 's finest hour . 
Workers at Peugeot S.A. 's car plant at Sochaux , in eastern France , voted to end a six-week-old strike that has cost the Peugeot group production of 60,000 automobiles , a company spokesman said . 
Meanwhile , bond investors are laboring under the onus of a national debt ceiling debate . 
In Washington , the Bush administration took a characteristically cautious and skeptical view of the leadership change . 
Heidelberg 's first ads for the brand , which Sibra says will compete with imported light beer leader Amstel Light , feature the line `` The best tasting light beer you 've ever seen . 
`` They 're the best production talent around , '' says Brian De Palma , beholden to Guber Peters for hiring him to direct the Warner movie of Tom Wolfe 's novel `` Bonfire of the Vanities . '' 
Weyerhaeuser Co. reported a one-time gain and strong wood-product sales that offset weakness in pulp and paper to fuel a 15 % jump in third-quarter net income to $ 166.8 million , or 78 cents a share . 
A force of younger pro-Gorbachev members in the East German bureaucracy has for some time been pushing for relaxation within their country . 
That leaves the state roughly $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion short . 
Those activities generated $ 26.1 million in operating profit last year . 
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named . 
While welcoming Nicholas McInnes 's Sept. 18 letter offering corrections to your `` World-Wide Tax Revolution '' table ( editorial page , Aug. 29 ) , I am surprised that he neglected other errors that , for some of us , strike close to home . 
Observers said the market again failed to find a trading focus , discouraging much participation by investors . 
Tithing : Obedience to one-tenth Commandment . 
Corporate Issues 
Groupe AG 's chairman said the Belgian insurer is prepared to give up some of its independence to a white knight if necessary to repel a raider . 
The natural gas pipeline concern said the 500 million cubic feet a day capacity pipeline would be built by a proposed joint venture between two Panhandle Eastern units - Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. and Trunkline Gas Co . 
`` It is an effort to branch out from the government , which is very difficult for a defense contractor . '' 
Some bulk shipping rates have increased `` 3 % to 4 % in the past few months , '' said Salomon 's Mr. Lloyd . 
As the Soviet Union grapples with its worsening economy , leading reformers have drawn up a blueprint for change designed to push the nation much closer to a free-market system . 
That indicates speculators are betting a higher offer is in the wings . 
`` Each one has a different agenda . '' 
The debt reduction is expected to save the Fort Lauderdale , Fla. home video concern about $ 2 million a year in interest expense . 
Even with its striking views of the New York harbor , the building is considered antiquated by modern office standards . 
Better than all those offers you get to buy securities backed by nothing . 
After all , they wo n't soon forget the stock bargains that became available after the October 1987 crash . 
But we 're not going back to 1970 . '' 
It has always been true that those outside the club want to climb in , and that a few will cut corners in the process . 
{ A futures contract is an agreement to buy or sell a commodity or financial instrument at a set price on a specified date . 
NBI also said it has hired Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. as its financial adviser and investment banker to help it restructure financially and improve its balance sheet . 
The agency declined comment , but said it will continue work until a new agency is chosen . 
Rockwell , based in El Segundo , Calif. , is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern . 
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs . 
Mr. Kaiser said traders could have picked up signals of an imminent price decline had they been watching the scrap metal markets , which became noticeably weaker two to three weeks ago . 
The numbers suggest that the housing industry is still suffering the effects of the Federal Reserve 's battle against inflation . 
The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for accountability ; for accuracy and honesty in solicitation ; and for percentage of funds actually going to work for which the charity was supposedly established . 
The dollar initially fell against other major currencies on news that the U.S. trade deficit surged in August to $ 10.77 billion . 
In a separate speech prepared for delivery at the dinner , Robin Leigh-Pemberton , Bank of England governor , conceded that `` demand pressures were even more buoyant than had been appreciated '' when the British economy was heating up last year . 
About 23,000 people typically travel over the Golden Gate Bridge during commute hours . 
The NBC network canceled its first new series of the fall TV season , killing Mel Brooks 's wacky hotel comedy `` The Nutt House . '' 
The hotels and management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president and chief executive officer of the trust and a director of the corporation . 
The Consumer Price Index `` A '' , which measures price changes for the 50 % of urban households that spend between 2,000 Hong Kong dollars ( US$ 256.18 ) and HK$ 6,499 a month , edged up 1.5 % in September from August . 
Since the 1970s energy crisis , some efforts to conserve energy by sealing buildings have had an unintended side effect : high indoor pollution . 
A poll conducted in July by a Gallup affiliate showed that 64 % of Costa Ricans believe that if their country is militarily attacked by either Nicaragua or Panama , the U.S. will come to its defense . 
But they either did n't buy the right machines or they wasted it , '' says Fleming 's Ms. Noble . 
In late New York trading , sterling stood at $ 1.5765 , down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday . 
I attend , and so does a television crew from New York City . 
Still , Mr. Johnson said , `` our stock is grossly undervalued . '' 
Mr. Savaiko noted that copper had a steep fall in spite of a weak dollar , which would normally support the U.S. copper market . 
Nissan aims to expand its 25 % share of the market to 30 % by spending $ 141 million on a plant in southern Japan that could make as many as 240,000 cars a year . 
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager . 
Although they do n't contemplate delivering any disabling blows , he says that Mr. Alexander will be asked to sign a release from liability , just in case . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : 30 cents vs. 44 cents \*\* 
An earlier plan , which had received the creditors ' approval in July , fell apart when Eastern changed its business plan . 
Corporate Issues 
Futures , he says , merely cut down on trading costs . 
LONGS DRUG STORES INC. , Walnut Creek , drugstore chain , annual sales of $ 1.9 billion , NYSE , had only minor damage and only four of its 75 Bay-area stores , all in the Santa Cruz area , were closed . 
They did n't play the third game of the World Series on Tuesday night as scheduled , and they did n't play it on Wednesday or Thursday either . 
With investors relieved at the overnight gain in New York stocks , small-lot buying orders streamed into the market from early morning , making traders believe the market was back to normal . 
It would bring 13 gas fields into production at a combined rate of about 1.2 billion cubic feet a day . 
Completion of Texaco 's acquisition of Tana is subject to government approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act . 
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism . 
Mrs. Hoffman says that dramatization `` makes the truth flexible . 
Orders for military equipment , household appliances , machinery and other goods expected to last at least three years dipped 0.1 % last month , to $ 126.68 billion , after leaping 3.9 % in August , the department said . 
The committee also has summoned Mr. Wall 's predecessor , Edwin Gray . 
While rights fees head skyward , ad rates wo n't . 
But Hertz points out that at least it 's now charging only $ 3.95 a day in Texas , while some competitors are charging $ 6.99 . 
NO , YOU WORK ! 
`` This is not your father 's mainframe , '' said Allan McGuire , a Digital spokesman . 
A final ratings tally from A.C. Nielsen Co. is due today . 
SUGAR : 
The question is how much you get tied in with seedy characters so they can extort you . '' 
The offering is Fannie Mae 's Series 1989-88 . 
The Indian stock markets have been on a five-year high , with dips and corrections , since Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi started liberalizing industry . 
One of them , a daughter Ariel , died a year ago at age seven after her parents unsuccessfully pleaded for the drug . 
Mr. Brawer 's wife , Catherine , and Robert Stroup , Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five-member board . 
As it happens , the Nasdaq composite did continue to fall for two days after the initial plunge . 
In early trading , Treasury bonds were higher on expectations that a surge in buying among Japanese investors would continue . 
Caltrans in Sacramento said total damage from the collapsed highway is estimated at around $ 500 million . 
It is a market attribute -- the ability to absorb selling orders without causing significant price changes in the absence of news . 
Here are details of the auction : 
Comsat Video , which distributes pay-per-view programs to hotel rooms , plans to add Nuggets games to their offerings , as Mr. Turner did successfully with his Atlanta Hawks and Braves sports teams . 
Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman , said Viacom `` emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure and gained substantial operating and financial flexibility through '' the bank pact . 
However , to resume the bull trend , according to Mr. O'Neill , copper would have to close over $ 1.19 . 
`` The reason this is getting so much visibility is that some started shipping and announced early availability , '' said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . 
A spokesman for the engineers said the company asked the union to reduce its demands , which included a 19 % pay hike in the first year and 8 % in the second and third years . 
Also , Teodulo Mabellini 's `` Lux aeterna '' was intriguingly scored and splendidly put across by Mr. Rilling . 
And the Colorado planner who promised to make some of his clients millionaires on investments of as litle as $ 100 ? 
`` There are so many possible proportions when you consider how many things are made out of eggs and butter and milk . 
He comes from the same political line as Wright Patman , a bank-baiting Texas populist who chaired the Banking Committee until 1974 . 
We hope the next head of the Civil Rights Commission will be as brave as Mr. Allen in making the case for equality of civil rights . 
Wells Fargo 's return on equity increased to 24.4 % from 23.8 % . 
The project has already acquired a certain New York cachet . 
However , several people said that British Air might yet rejoin the bidding group and that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from British regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering previously earmarked for the UAL buy-out . 
There already are proposals pending in Congress to overhaul pesticide law . 
`` At a certain price , if the management thinks { the stock } is cheap , they can go in and buy it . '' 
Two years later , he opened one in West Germany . 
Over his objections , Mr. Peters says , the film 's release date was moved up `` by many months '' to December , and plans for a soundtrack `` worth millions of dollars '' were dropped . 
Though tiny , that 's a reduction in its share . 
The troubles continued in this year 's first half , when profit plunged 81 % to $ 302,000 . 
The cats are fine , although nervous . 
So-called living-benefits provisions also merit a close inspection . 
The Supreme Court let stand a New York court 's ruling that the manufacturers of a drug once used to prevent miscarriages must share liability for injuries or deaths when the maker of an individual dose is unknown . 
Mr. Johnson said the first-quarter loss also heavily reflected a rapid change in graphics technology that left reseller channels with too many of the old computer graphics boards and too few new monitors compatible with the new graphics boards . 
Ignore the present condition . 
Or that the president would have hurried to sign the bill `` out of compassion for her plight '' ? 
In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities . 
The $ 2.38 billion Dalkon Shield Claimants Trust was established as part of A.H. Robins ' bankruptcy-reorganization plan to resolve injury claims arising from use of the shield . 
Most of the those who left stock funds simply switched into money market funds . 
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux . 
Aetna and other insurers are hiring engineers and architects to help them assess structural damage . 
Highways , such as the section of Interstate 880 that collapsed in Oakland , generally do n't have insurance coverage . 
They say it s possible some of their members may be donating privately . 
Dictation Device 's Saga Plays Back a Lesson 
It 's not good ; the market is setting up for another fall . '' 
Back in the U.S.A. this kind of chi-chi airborne activity wins heartwarmingly covetous responses . 
That was when the exchange took a new tack by publishing monthly statistics listing the top 15 program trading firms . 
Traders said yesterday 's rally was fueled by insurance companies looking for bargains after a drastic slide in prices the past month . 
Morgan Grenfell Group PLC said John Craven , group chief executive officer , is taking over the chairmanship of the merchant banking group from Sir Peter Carey , who is retiring . 
`` We used the data to redesign our sorting system and put our resources where they could do the most good . '' 
Blue chips led the march up in heavy trading . 
Unwilling to put up new money for New Zealand until those debts are repaid , most banks refused even to play administrative roles in the new financing , forcing an embarrassed Nomura to postpone it this week . 
Finally , even the time-honored strategy called `` value investing '' no longer means what it once did . 
`` If futures are n't permitted here , we 'll take it to Australia or Tokyo . '' 
SUGAR : 
The administration lacks a comprehensive health-care policy . 
It currently is considering bidding for Swedish Match Co . 
The trade surplus with Europe was pegged at $ 414 million , down 57 % from a year ago . 
It is eliminating the positions of president and chief operating officer , formerly held by Edward L. Marinaro . 
APPLE COMPUTER CO. , Cupertino , computer maker , annual sales of $ 4.07 billion , OTC , sustained some structural damage . 
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good . 
Dealers noted that it 's difficult to structure new Remics when prices are moving widely . 
TV GUIDE : 
Mr. Mahfouz 's Cairo also has Sufi sheiks and saintly wives who look to God , not crime , for their salvation . 
The firm also raised the percentage of bonds in its model portfolio from 40 % to 45 % and later to 55 % . 
For the latest nine months , Spiegel 's net climbed a solid 47 % to $ 23.8 million , or 46 cents a share , from $ 16.2 million , or 34 cents . 
`` In our formula , we do n't have any losers except the competition . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Rohm & Haas closed at $ 33 a share , down $ 1.75 . 
The politics of the 1990 congressional authorization are likely to be similar to those of previous authorizations . 
The exchanges say liquidity becomes a severe problem for thinly traded contracts such as those with a long time remaining before expiration . 
Last year , `` I was off a straight month , then one time for two to three weeks and another two to three weeks , '' he says . 
International Business Machines Corp. said earnings tumbled 30 % in the third quarter , even a bit further than expected , rendering the outlook doubtful for the next few quarters . 
The percentages omit from consideration the many paintings that go begging at auction . 
He wants it now . 
`` They hesitate to market NEC-compatible machines ; NEC disapproves of such machines , and marketing one would jeopardize their relationship . '' 
The show 's symbol is a woman riding on a snail , not your usual metaphor for speed and agility . 
British and Argentine diplomats opened talks in Madrid aimed at restoring ties severed because of their 1982 war over the Falkland Islands . 
This conjures up images of a nation full of trim , muscular folks , and suggests couch potatoes are out of season . 
`` The Famous Teddy Z , '' which CBS Inc. had hoped would emerge as one of the few bright spots in its otherwise lackluster prime-time schedule , is n't turning out to be the hit the network envisaged . 
The increase follows the company 's report of strong earnings for the third quarter , and reflects what American Brands called its `` tradition of sharing earnings growth '' with shareholders . 
As such , the soluble fiber has an almost fanatic following in northern India . 
`` Belgium was closed for two days , France closed for a couple of hours , Germany was stuck . 
The closing contributed to a $ 3.4 million loss in the fiscal first quarter ended July 31 -- its first quarterly loss since 1974 . 
For especially stubborn haunts , Mr. Baker carries a secret weapon , a vial of cornstarch . 
Sony Corp. , New York , said its bids for Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. have been cleared by federal antitrust regulators . 
The result is a generation of young people whose ignorance and intellectual incompetence is matched only by their good opinion of themselves . 
These features are also used in Matanky Realty Group 's Grand Boulevard Plaza . 
The Merc received considerable criticism in 1987 when it was discovered that its compliance director , Kevin P. Conway , who then was responsible for policing the exchange 's busy oil and metal pits , `` was engaged in other personal business activities on Exchange time , '' including out-of-state trips , according to a New York Merc report prepared last year . 
But while they are unloading these burdens , the United States is close to creating three more big ones . 
But unfortunately , that segment is much smaller than the bread-and-butter flat-rolled steel . 
But instead of a minimum price , only a target price will be established . 
The transaction will take place tomorrow . 
The partnership also includes American Express Co. , Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home and to pay education and medical expenses . 
They said previous earthquakes suggested that multiple-column viaducts would stand up well , although they were working on ways to bolster them . 
The company 's 7.90 % sinking fund debentures were quoted at a bid price of 14 1\/4 and an offered price of 30 , while the 10 3\/4 % subordinated debentures of 1997 were being bid for at 28 and offered at around 34 3\/4 . 
Three International Cash Portfolios funds , which invest almost exclusively in bonds and money-market instruments overseas , were among the four top-performing funds in the latest week . 
`` He told me to choose an area where just by being mediocre I could be great , '' recalls Mr. Schwartz , now 40 . 
`` We are all very amiable , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
Stock-market investments also help balance the other assets an individual owns , says John Blankenship Jr. , president of the Institute of Certified Financial Planners . 
Meanwhile , shares of some big housing lenders got hit , on the likelihood that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered physical damage and perhaps a loss in value . 
A black-draped cruise liner sailed into Naples yesterday bringing 800 Libyans threatening vengeance if Italy refuses to pay compensation for more than 30 years of colonial rule . 
Grimm counted 16 transactions valued at $ 1 billion or more in the latest period , twice as many as a year earlier . 
`` Caution should ... be the rule of the day , '' said Mr. Leigh-Pemberton in a speech to the Association of Corporate Treasurers ' annual dinner . 
The Big Board this morning plans to begin trading its Exchange Stock Portfolio `` basket '' product , the first program-trading vehicle carrying the exchange 's seal of approval . 
But now , Charlie Brown is about to start pitching everything from Chex Party Mix to light bulbs . 
In particular , the prices of gold and other precious-metals stocks shoot up and down , but the stocks tend to have low betas because their moves are not market-inspired . 
Stick some money in an interest-bearing account and watch it grow . 
U.K. money supply figures for September , released yesterday , showed continued growth in corporate and personal lending , which will keep pressure on the government to maintain tight credit . 
Kate 's Ma ( Louise Latham ) is a moral coward . 
It was considered South Africa 's largest opposition rally . 
Shorn of all their riders , special provisions , and other bells and whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive . 
However , insurance brokers and executives say that the combination of the Bay area earthquake , Hugo and last week 's explosion at the Phillips Petroleum Co. 's refinery in Pasadena , Texas , will cause property insurance and reinsurance rates to jump . 
Globe columnist Mike Barnicle -- in the second attack on his employer in as many weeks -- averred that his shadowy countenance was so bad , it looked `` like a face you 'd find on a bottle of miracle elixir that promises to do away with diarrhea in our lifetime . '' 
But the New Environmentalists oppose private wealth creation ( which , they claim , depletes natural resources ) and nuclear power ( even though it would counteract the greenhouse effect ) . 
They want a 24-hour library . 
Time to sell , says Mr. Schlesinger . 
But neither of those developments did much to juice up growth , Mr. Sit says . 
Moscow has already tacitly admitted that the ruble is n't worth much , announcing in August that it will pay Soviet farmers in hard currency for grain and other produce that they grow in excess of state-plan quotas . 
Mr. Bork 's opponents chose the battlefield , held it and kept it . 
Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits ( 22 % ) , consumer fraud ( 15.4 % ) , and health-care issues ( 15 % ) . 
A university student got eight years for participating in the rallies , sources in Beijing said , while an 18-year-old worker got 10 years . 
It is n't surprising that Messrs. Roderick and Corry view steel so differently . 
But Mr. Steidtmann predicts that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25 % to 30 % . 
Third-quarter earnings at both companies were below analysts ' forecasts . 
In major market activity : 
`` Looking only at a narrow American strategy is n't where it 's at . '' 
To lure buyers to the Chicago & North Western bonds , portfolio managers said Donaldson Lufkin sweetened the transaction by offering the bonds with a resettable interest rate and a 10 % equity kicker . 
As matters stand , the Salinger ruling , torn from context and broadly construed , is controlling . 
An Anacomp official said the Indianapolis computer-services concern had no comment on the group 's share sales . 
There are all sorts of variations on term insurance : policies structured to pay off your mortgage debt , term riders tacked on to permanent insurance , and many others . 
Short-term interest rates rose at the government 's regular weekly Treasury-bill auction . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Corning closed at $ 38.50 , down 75 cents . 
The financial equivalent of the sand used by those Armenian contractors is junk bonds and the leveraged buy-outs associated with them . 
Seasonally adjusted figures for August were n't available because of a recent strike that has disrupted the ministry 's data collection . 
Mr. Jackson , who won the nickname `` Mr. October '' for his World Series exploits , is selling some of his canceled checks to autograph collectors through a dealer for as much as $ 500 each . 
Mr. Levin , former head of EPA 's regulatory reform staff , adapted this from his November column for the Journal of the Air and Waste Management Association . 
Because of his remarkable success turning around P&G 's international operations , analysts have high hopes for his tenure . 
Merrill has been one of the main firms executing index arbitrage for customers . 
Debenture holders also will receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock in Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
The successful launch continues a remarkable recovery in the U.S. space-science program . 
A White House budget office analysis estimates that $ 500 million -- or half the level in the committee bill -- is needed for highway assistance to meet California 's needs , and the administration rejects the notion that new appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans by the Small Business Administration . 
Dean Witter now recommends 85 % , Goldman 65 % and Merrill Lynch 50 % . 
President Bush told reporters a few months ago that he was looking for the right test case to see whether he already has the line-item veto . 
On Tuesday afternoon , Kemper told Bear , Stearns & Co. , General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer & Co. that it will no longer do business with them because of their commitment to index arbitrage , officials inside and outside these firms confirmed . 
`` The company 's product businesses , with the exception of electronic components , had higher operating earnings for the first nine months of 1989 , '' the company said . 
The loans can be for accessory apartments , for cottages built in a relative 's yard , for home-sharing or for sale-lease-back transactions . 
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death-penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital-punishment defense team . 
Giovanni Agnelli & Co. , which was formed in January 1987 as a way of keeping the Agnellis ' controlling stake in Fiat together despite an ever-growing family tree , has been playing a more active role in the Agnelli group of late . 
Bank Deposits : Currency , checking-account deposits , small savings and time deposits , certificates of deposits , money-market fund shares . 
So we all stand to benefit if patient-physician relations become a `` partnership . '' 
The current dispute involves allegations that Charlotte , N.C.-based First Union has n't lived up to its responsibilities under the reinvestment act . 
They , too , promised to combine economic efficiency with order and discipline . 
Even so , his bill is given little chance of passage . 
Like other zeros , they pay all their interest at maturity , meaning that buyers can time things so that their bonds pay off just when Junior graduates from high school . 
But the computer was proving a hard sell because of its high price , a lack of software and an optical data-storage device that was too slow . 
The question , as many people see it , is how long such uncertainty will last . 
That 's even less than the 4.35 % total return of the Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index . 
He maintains that the information from the FBI will help him get his 1968 conviction vacated and his bail-jumping indictment dismissed . 
Even so , the trust would seem to be facing a cash crunch . 
Estimated volume was 3.5 million ounces . 
Amcore , also a bank holding company , has assets of $ 1.06 billion . 
`` The commissioners found the circumstances of the case did n't undercut the assurance from government rate setters of available funds adequate for safe operation , '' said a commission spokesman . 
Limited partner Billy Salomon , whose family name had been on the firm 's door for 70 years and who had hoped it would be there forever , was not consulted . 
The board has 13 members elected by holders and five presidential appointees . 
Mr. Breeden backed most of the provisions in a market-reform bill that the SEC brought to the subcommittee last year under then-chairman David Ruder . 
The 1988 quarter also included one-time gains totaling about $ 35 million . 
On the morning of the long-planned announcement , International Business Machines Corp. is to introduce its own new mainframe . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. was awarded a $ 19.1 million Army contract for armored-vehicle parts . 
Egad . 
Of all the unflattering portraits of small-town America I 've seen on TV , this film is the most gratuitously nasty . 
A consumer poll conducted in early September by Leo J. Shapiro & Associates , a market researcher based in Chicago , also suggests a modest holiday . 
Price : $ 265 million . 
Those who are n't worried about how Japanese manufacturers ' investments will affect trade note that many new products are n't replacements for imports . 
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . 
It was the ninth inning of the third game of a three-game playoff between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants ( the predecessor to the San Francisco Giants scheduled to play in tonight 's world series ) . 
Canada , at times , could be an awkward OAS partner for the U.S. if its United Nations voting record is an indication . 
American Home Products Corp. proposes to acquire the company . 
Britain 's current account deficit dropped to # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.56 billion ) in September from an adjusted # 2 billion ( $ 3.21 billion ) the previous month , but the improvement comes amid increasing concern that a recession could strike the U.K. economy next year . 
That country recently bought 200,000 tons of sugar and had been expected to seek a like quantity last week but did n't . 
In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares . 
Additionally , the end of the month position-squaring might have also played a minor role , traders said . 
`` Human nature being what it is , people do n't always follow instructions , '' says Jack Guzewich , chief of food protection for the New York state Health Department . 
This earthy , amusing film answers with a resounding `` yes . '' 
Hospital Regulation Sparks Kentucky Feud 
There are also other provisions requiring Congressmen to join treaty-negotiating teams and new restrictions on OMB . 
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli . 
`` Attention , '' yelled our pilot as our basket plunged into the canal . 
Last year , Dentsu started HDM , a joint network with U.S. ad agency Young & Rubicam and Eurocom of France . 
Knight-Ridder would n't comment on the offer . 
It 's simply the right time to do what we are doing , '' Mr. Lipstein said . 
Says Clayt Wilhite , president of the D'Arcy Masius ad agency 's U.S. division , `` Every time 24 hours pass without any advertising reinforcement , brand loyalty will diminish ever so slightly -- even for a powerful brand like Budweiser . '' 
`` This year , some investors are changing their policies and investing a lot . '' 
A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day , far more than the 100,000 that use the Bay Area Rapid Transit system ( BART ) -- which was working but was n't stopping in the city 's Financial District yesterday afternoon because electricity was shut off and the area was being checked for gas leaks . 
One former executive says , `` Nobody wanted that deal inside USX except Dave Roderick , '' who was a hunting and fishing buddy of William L. Hutchison , chairman of Texas Oil & Gas . 
`` We consider it a life-saving drug , like one for AIDS , '' said Dr. John Fung , an immunologist at the University of Pittsburgh . 
American Express card charge volume rose 12 % . 
It was the 49-year-old Mr. Evans who had moved into the offices of MGM\/UA and run the company during Qintex Australia Ltd. 's aborted bid for the movie company . 
The bill also imposes the California auto-emissions standards on all cars nationwide , as if a car registered in Big Sky , Montana , needed to be as clean as one driven in Los Angeles . 
`` We were oversold and today we bounced back . 
The deal fell through , and Kandahar remains a major regime base . 
The softness of the core constrains the plastic models to No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils , which account for the bulk of the market . 
Proceeds of the sale , expected to be completed next week , would be used to repurchase as many as 10 million shares of Honeywell stock , the company said . 
Racial gerrymandering -- creating separate black and white districts -- says that we have discarded that belief in our ability to live together and govern ourselves as one people . 
Mr. Chips was a nice fellow , and maybe some day he 'll return . 
Corporate due process appeals to management for a variety of reasons . 
The company is a Mexico , Mo. , maker of refractory products . 
Part of the drop will come from an anticipated charge of as much as $ 500 million from the proposed sale of its Rouge Steel unit . 
It was n't known to what extent , if any , the facility was damaged . 
These states have been entering into settlements with Drexel as part of the firm 's efforts to operate freely anywhere in the U.S. despite its record as an admitted felon . 
`` How many shares will be around in 1995 ? '' he asked . 
Japan ranks as only the fourth largest foreign investor in Mexico , with 5 % of the total investments . 
They confront stubborn inflation and a sagging economy , that is to say , stagflation . 
Because he sees a `` 5 % to 6 % base rate of inflation in the economy , '' he doubts that interest rates will fall much any time soon . 
The overall private-sector employment cost index , which includes both wages and benefits , rose 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.5 % for both the 12 months ended in June and the 12 months ended September 1988 . 
Now many Republicans are listening . 
The company was able to assess its damage liability quickly because it has computerized maps of Northern California showing the exact locations of all the property it insures . 
The Dunes , the Aladdin and the Riviera were all acquired by the present owners from bankruptcy proceedings spawned by the last recession , in the early 1980s . 
Tandy earned $ 88.8 million , or $ 3.64 a share , in the year ended June 30 . 
Dealers said London showed signs of calming in midafternoon after Wall Street avoided sharp losses despite the trade report , but a wave of futures-related selling later in the session sent buyers back to the sidelines . 
Preliminary cost-of-living data for the current month are calculated based on inflation data from the four largest West German states -- Baden-Wuerttemberg , North Rhine-Westphalia , Bavaria and Hesse . 
The bad news in the junk bond market yesterday was that TW Services , a group of restaurant chains , became the latest prospective issuer to get a cold shoulder from bond buyers . 
Mr. Brady hesitantly replied that he was n't sure whether Mr. Greenspan `` made a statement himself , or whether that was a newspaper report . '' 
We recall that the mayor of Charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy 's response to Hurricane Hugo . 
Rescue crews , however , gave up hope that others would be found alive under the collapsed roadway . 
At least half that growth will have come in the past three years alone . 
If you 'd like to see the first time Michelle Pfeiffer sang on screen , and you have a lot of patience , take a look at `` Grease 2 . '' 
The hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as Digital Equipment Corp. announced its first line of mainframe computers , targeting International Business Machines Corp. 's largest market . 
Latin American markets continued their recovery after a weak start to the year , SKF said . 
The consensus from the scientific community is that there is sufficient evidence to advise major policy changes . 
Like lemmings , we tend to move in the same direction at same time . '' 
He added that he had spoken with Mr. Laidig , whom he referred to as a friend , by telephone Monday evening . 
An earthquake Oct. 17 in Northern California had caused a 10-day delay midway through the championship contest , which ended Saturday at San Francisco 's Candlestick Park . 
`` He reassured me that the hurricane would end , '' Mr. Deaver recalls . 
Lazard and other primary underwriters have reduced or eliminated their exposure by sub-underwriting the issue among U.K. institutional investors . 
The fact sheet , dated April 1986 , says on page three : `` If the price paid for a CD purchased in the secondary market ... is higher than the accreted value in the case of zero-coupon CDs , the difference ... is not insured ... . 
Commercial banks and property\/casualty insurers , which together own about 36 % of all municipal bonds , have been dumping their securities for weeks . 
$ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 11 classes by a Morgan Stanley group . 
Yesterday , PaineWebber declined comment . 
If that controversy continues , U.S. machine tool makers say , West German and other foreign producers are likely to grab most of the sales in Eastern Europe . 
Beta is also a poor indicator of the risk in stock groups that march to their own drummer . 
The company denied the rumors and noted that it does n't own the building . 
The blue-collar worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice . 
American officials have said that a meeting with the leader of the U.S. could help bolster his stature among Soviet politicians and academics , whose support he needs . 
His meals are most often prepared by women he trusts -- his full-time mistress , Vicky Amado , and her mother , Norma . 
Mr. Kane said he expects several other companies to join some time after the venture completes a business plan , probably later this week . 
Even if there is n't any widespread discounting , the outlook for industry profits is n't good . 
She could end up seeking a fourth term in an economy sick with inflation , high interest rates and a heavy trade deficit . 
EC Agriculture Commissioner Ray MacSharry said the U.S. plan `` calls into question '' the agreement reached by world negotiators last April in Geneva seeking `` substantial progressive reductions in agricultural support and protection . '' 
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 . 
`` When the chain stores took over , there was no longer a connection between grower and consumer . 
They then had no choice in many cases but to sell the contracts at prevailing prices -- in most cases at a substantial loss . 
Dr. Kobayashi responded that he thought the antibody could potentially kill all infected cells . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
And lawmakers are putting the finishing touches on a compromise that would give the Air Force nearly all of the $ 2.4 billion it wants for production of Northrop Corp. 's radar-eluding B-2 bombers , which cost $ 530 million apiece . 
He contends that chasing consumers with low-priced imports will harm the industry in the long run by reducing the prestige of furs . 
At the low end , investors can spend $ 15,000 or more to own a racehorse in partnership with others . 
`` It 's a big-risk business , '' warns Charles C. Mihalek , a Lexington attorney and former Kentucky state securities commissioner . 
`` Besides , we have enough on our plate . 
As they conferred near East Berlin , a pro-democracy protest erupted in the Baltic city of Greifswald , and activists threatened further rallies against leader Krenz 's expected hard-line policies . 
In a hearing before the House Ways and Means Committee , the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Budget Office , which both are arms of Congress , advised the new S&L bailout agency to abandon plans to raise temporary working capital through debt issued from an agency that would n't be counted on the federal budget . 
The agency then turned to a former backup singer for Ms. Midler who appeared in the ad and crooned what was generally considered a more than credible imitation of Ms. Midler 's 1973 hit song `` Do You Wanna Dance . '' 
Meanwhile , the $ 50 million of Series C bonds , which are suject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 6.25 % in 1990 to 7.10 % to 2000 . 
Moreover , ostentation is appreciated . 
If both copies of a second gene were then deleted , the polyps would progress to malignancy . 
They are stressing that the best way for the West to help the East is to move faster towards Western European economic and monetary unity . 
Though he himself does n't expect a recession soon , Mr. Wyss advises people who do that `` the best thing to be in is long that is , 20-year to 30-year Treasury bonds . '' 
Essentially , the critics of stock-index futures fall into two camps . 
The West German retailing group also said that the results of the first three quarters suggest it will meet its profit goal for the year . 
Albert Lee , a veteran trader who specializes in machinery sales , estimates that as many as 70 % of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery rose $ 3.40 to $ 372.50 an ounce in heavy trading . 
Despite these challenges , Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers , noting the widely recognized name and global presence . 
Traders who stand on the pit 's top step , where most customer orders are executed , ca n't trade for themselves . 
`` I think we will see a federal funds rate of close to 8 1\/2 % in the next two weeks and 8 % by year end . '' 
Rep. Jim Leach ( R. , Iowa ) says the Lincoln S&L affair is `` the biggest bank heist in history , '' and adds : `` The great question that remains to be resolved is whether we have a congressional Watergate in the making . '' 
The p53 gene has just been implicated in lung cancer . 
`` There 's no question it will make LBOs more expensive , '' he said . 
Bank of New England Corp. , seeking to streamline its business after a year of weak earnings and mounting loan problems , said it will sell some operations and lay off 4 % of its work force . 
`` They may not have been able to articulate it all , but they did it , '' says Stephen Gillers , a legal ethics expert at New York University law school . 
But efforts have been thwarted by official indifference , bureaucratic resistance , a legal system that operates at a snail 's pace , political opposition and government misjudgments . 
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; If he approve he shall sign it , but if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal , and proceed to reconsider it . 
In 1979 , the pair split the company in half , with Walter and his son , Sam , agreeing to operate under the Merksamer Jewelery name . 
Suzanne Foster 
`` My position is well-known and well-stated , '' he replied . 
At this point , the options were : Crunch money to stop the boost in the aggregates , as Sir Alan surely advised , and forget the soaring pound . 
Foreign Bonds 
Thirty-four thousand of its children live in foster homes , while 50,000 residents have no homes at all . 
Some of the more cautious CD holders might like `` pre-refunded '' municipals . 
No , we ought to be mad because he has demeaned the office we gave him , enlisting it in the service of private gain , just as we ought to be mad that public officials lie through their teeth , play disingenuous games about their activities or , to steal a phrase , make public service a private trough . 
Unless the market goes at least one tick ( the smallest price increment permitted ) beyond the limit price , investors are n't assured of having their orders filled because there may not be sufficient trading volume to permit filling it at the specified price . 
Mercedes-Benz , which had said it did n't owe taxes to Massachusetts partly because it sells its cars at a dock in Baltimore and not in Massachusetts , did n't explain its change of heart . 
`` His supporters are not venal , but their solution to everything will be to spend more money , and he wo n't have any money . '' 
It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras . 
Airborne Freight climbed 1 1\/8 to 38 1\/2 . 
The new deal was considered the most generous of its kind , both financially and in terms of creative freedom . 
A poll in male-dominated South Korea put Margaret Thatcher first on a list of most-respected foreign leaders . 
( Impressionist and modern paintings , not tracked by Salomon , are ranked even higher at 74 % by Sotheby 's . ) 
`` Those kinds of issues always keep coming back , '' says Robert Beckwith , who manages the Illinois Chamber of Commerce 's small-business office . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. last week downgraded the long-term deposit rating of Boston Co. 's Boston Safe Deposit & Trust Co. subsidiary , to single-A-1 from double-A-3 , citing problems in the company 's `` aggressively managed securities portfolio . '' 
The dealers immediately showed their new acquisition to an expert and came to see it as a fake . 
Many other brokerage firms had similarly bullish views . 
The IRS hopes to fill the new positions soon . 
Mr. Corry also ruled that all board meetings would be held in Pittsburgh instead of New York or Findlay , Ohio , Marathon 's home . 
Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch . 
The money spent on scrubbers is diverted from planned research on new , cleaner technology . 
Rick Lynch , a former top salesman in Wang 's Boston office , referring to Wang 's mainstay computer line , says : `` You ca n't sell a VS to a new customer . '' 
Mr. Jones , whose twangy voice and folksy ways belie an intense businessman who works 16-hour days , is resigned to the hefty salaries he pays his players these days . 
In August , a conservative weekly magazine reported that a pachinko industry organization donated money to Japan Socialist Party members . 
Small models , whose performance increased as much as 46 % , will carry higher prices . 
In other words , Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA . 
Analysts at Standard & Poor 's say junk bond offerings by `` tightly stretched '' issuers seem to be growing . 
Rep. Bill McCollum ( R. , Fla. ) reports that these included 20,000 to 30,000 Soviet Central Asian KGB Border Guards , ethnically indistinguishable from Afghans and wearing unmarked uniforms . 
The increase for national edition advertising is less than the inflation rate and compares with a 6.5 % increase in 1989 . 
Mr. LaBonte 's departure follows by two months the resignation of Mark Goldston as senior vice president and chief marketing officer after only 11 months at Reebok . 
David M. Carroll 
Ohio , the District of Columbia , Tennessee and Illinois have been less resistant to Drexel than the other six states , but nonetheless have refused to settle so far , say those familiar with the discussions . 
Investment bankers in Tokyo confirmed that Tokyu Department Store is one of several Japanese companies that has been approached by representatives of a management committee headed by Bloomingdale 's Mr. Traub . 
But through this period , so far as the U.S. military was concerned , Mr. Noriega was a model recruit . 
Sun Co. also reported higher earnings . 
Do n't worry . '' 
September 's Hang Seng Consumer Price Index , which measures price changes for the 10 % of urban households spending HK$ 10,000 and HK$ 24,999 a month , was up 11 % from a year ago and up 1.3 % from August . 
I will be the first to agree that there is much to be found wrong with modern movie making . 
The small U.S. firms are persisting because of their strong positions in patents , and because the prize is still there to be seized . 
Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : the September leading indicators index , new-home sales and October agricultural prices reports due out tomorrow ; the October purchasing managers ' index and September construction spending and manufacturers ' orders on Wednesday ; and October chain-store sales on Thursday . 
In major market activity : 
At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern . 
Tandy Corp. said it wo n't join U.S. Memories , the group that seeks to battle the Japanese in the market for computer memory chips . 
No trading existed for the vast majority of junk bonds , securities industry officials said . 
He 's currently in the midst of a 17-city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . ( Oct. 25 ) , Sarasota , Fla . ( Oct. 28 ) , Tampa , Fla . ( Oct. 29 ) and Miami ( Oct. 31 ) . 
Steve Lowe , general manager of Jasper , Ga. , dealership , said new rebates of $ 500 to $ 1,000 on the models have stimulated sales , but not enough to significantly cut dealer stocks . 
The market also was hurt by rumors that Nippon Kangyo Kakumaru , a Japanese brokerage firm , was unloading some of the 30-year bonds it recently purchased . 
One Colombian drug boss , upon hearing in 1987 that Gen. Noriega was negotiating with the U.S. to abandon his command for a comfortable exile , sent him a hand-sized mahogany coffin engraved with his name . 
Nonperforming loans will make up only about 0.5 % of the combined banks ' total loans outstanding , he said . 
To confirm Mr. Guy 's identification , Sotheby 's and IFAR exchanged photos by fax , and the waiting man , apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen , agreed to release it . 
The selling that started on Friday continued yesterday . 
The company closed at $ 12 a share , down 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The Fed chief opposed a bill - introduced by Reps. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind. ) and Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D. ) -- that , among other things , would require the Fed to disclose all monetary policy moves immediately and increase outside scrutiny of the Fed . 
Northrop Corp. received a $ 93.5 million contract by the U.S. Air Force for production tooling and test equipment for the Tacit Rainbow defense-suppression missile . 
He suggests , for example , that investors may have assumed that just because UAL could n't get financing , no leveraged buy-outs can get financing . 
Such buyers must have a minimum net worth of $ 1 million , $ 200,000 annual income , or recent experience in the business area of the franchise being sold . 
Also , Richard A. Barkley , a former marketing executive with FMC Corp. , was appointed president of Continental Container Systems , a producer of can closing machinery that Figgie acquired late last year . 
The Volokhs were afraid that they 'd end up like a friend of theirs who 'd applied for a visa and waited for 10 years , having been demoted from his profession of theoretical mathematician to shipping clerk . 
Stocks rose slightly as trading activity slowed from the frenzied pace earlier this week . 
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number . 
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first-time purchase of stakes in companies . 
Last May , a government panel released a report on the extent and causes of the problem . 
Among these crimes are murder on federal land , presidential assassination and espionage . 
While admitting such a move would be `` devastating '' to most creditors , Judge Abramson told a courtroom filled with nearly two dozen attorneys that he was concerned about the toll mounting legal bills will take on Mr. Hunt 's shrinking estate and about the fact that , following voting by creditors , none of the reorganization plans appeared to be viable in their present form . 
`` Everybody was afraid of him , '' Mr. Ingersoll says . 
Mr. Siemienas is making a fortune -- $ 10,000 a month , he says . 
It 's like saying , `` get me in now '' or `` get me out now . '' 
Researchers at Plant Genetic Systems N.V. in Belgium said they have developed a genetic engineering technique for creating hybrid plants for a number of key crops . 
And he managed to fend off further advances and even strike up an unlikely friendship with the interloper . 
`` I ca n't see why there would be a conflict of interest , '' says Sotheby 's Ms. Levitt . 
Mr. Pilson says that when he spoke out a few years ago , `` I did n't say forever , and I did n't say every property . '' 
Stock-market fears and relatively more attractive interest rates pushed money-market mutual fund assets up $ 6.07 billion in the latest week , the sharpest increase in almost two years . 
The No. 1 domestic aluminum producer , Aluminum Co. of America , Friday said its earnings fell 3.2 % to $ 219 million , or $ 2.46 a share . 
The JSP admitted Oct. 13 that its members received about eight million yen from the pachinko organization , and charged LDP members with receiving 125 million yen ( $ 880,000 ) and other opposition parties with taking about 2.5 million yen . 
Activity has revived in the largest U.S. gas-producing regions , such as the Gulf of Mexico . 
But , they say , people should n't try to be traders , who buy and sell in an effort to ride the latest economic trend or catch the next hot stock . 
Columbia S&L posted a quarterly loss of $ 226.3 million as the Beverly Hills thrift reeled from new industry rules and turmoil in junk bonds . 
`` It does n't appear to be getting worse . 
The school was the first , in 1987 , to receive the NCAA 's `` death penalty '' -- two years without football -- for repeated rules violations . 
Mr. Roberts also takes a swipe at the Bank 's adjustment lending . 
It was a Friday in June . 
To combat that problem , National Geographic , like other magazines , began offering regional editions allowing advertisers to appear in only a portion of its magazines -- for example , ads can run only in the magazines sent to subscribers in the largest 25 markets . 
Cilcorp said the businesses to be acquired had revenue of $ 76 million for the year ended March 31 . 
For the nine months , Northrop reported a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or $ 1 a share , compared with profit of $ 190.3 million , or $ 4.05 a share , in 1988 . 
Global allocation funds take the asset-allocation concept one step further by investing at least 25 % of their portfolios outside the U.S. . 
Wearing a business suit and western-style hat and boots , he opened up his briefcase and dumped $ 1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president . 
Anthony J.F. O'Reilly , the company 's chairman , swears by her firm touch , saying regular massages are a balm for his old football injuries . 
The historical profession will survive these decisions . 
Each time , the bank 's 90 % shareholder -- Petroliam Nasional Bhd. , or Petronas , the national oil company -- has been called upon to rescue the institution . 
The issue will be sold through Morgan Stanley & Co . 
It is a bureaucratic country . 
Du Pont 's stock rose $ 2.50 a share to close at $ 117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
The high margin partly stems from continued strong growth in high-yielding consumer loans , which jumped 31 % to $ 17.47 billion from a year earlier , and residential mortgages , which rose 25 % to $ 12 billion . 
There in the center of the pack is quarterback Troy Aikman , the key to the Cowboys ' comeback strategy . 
`` They want a lobster trap -- once you get in , you ca n't get out , '' he said . 
But trading risk stems from credit risk . 
A 300-year-old play may be easier to revive than one merely 25 . 
The Tax Court is n't expected to rule before early next year . 
Yaohan Departmentstore Co. of Japan is moving its international-operations headquarters and holding company to Hong Kong to gain from the British colony 's economic advantages and tax structure . 
But institutions say Wall Street brokerage firms are less willing to make markets . 
Interactive telephone technology has taken a new leap in sophistication , and television programmers are racing to exploit the possibilities . 
Neither Mr. Dennis nor officials of his Chicago trading company , C&D Commodities , could be reached for comment . 
Eventually even Republicans will find a way to frame the issue in ways that expose pro-choice absolutism . 
Sales jumped 12.2 % to 232.12 billion yen from 206.87 billion yen . 
UAL , which had risen $ 9.875 to $ 178.375 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange on reports of a new bid being prepared by the group , reversed course and plummeted in off-exchange trading after the 5:09 p.m. EDT announcement . 
Small business is bracing for an avalanche of similar proposals next year . 
At least not when you are ascending . ) 
Backup computer tapes were hand-carried to an IBM office in Philadelphia , and the company expects its mainframe to be up in a few days . 
It now is quietly circulating among creditors a preliminary plan to restructure debt . 
Sony also agreed to indemnify the producers against any liability to Warner . 
And the Poles are engaged in commerce . '' 
But that 's for the best horses , with most selling for much less -- as little as $ 100 for some pedestrian thoroughbreds . 
The demise of Merkur ( pronounced mare-COOR ) comes after a September in which 670 Merkur dealers managed to sell only 93 Scorpios . 
The money will be applied for voter registration and election monitoring , but more than half is likely to go to the Union Nacional Opositora party . 
However , these figures do n't seem to worry Thomas A. Durkin , an economist at the Federal Reserve Board . 
Kurds , suffering what many people consider to be a current extermination campaign at the hands of Syria , Iran and Iraq have inundated eastern Turkey . 
Economists generally agree that the rate was lowered by the Fed from around 9 % , where it had been since July , to about 8 3\/4 % in early October on the heels of a weak employment report . 
Some individuals went to some lengths on their own to avoid the anticipated gridlock . 
`` What I 'd like to see , if he is up to it , is for Reagan to take to the hustings to regenerate enthusiasm for SDI , '' the congressman says . 
President Bush is considering casting a line-item veto as a test to determine whether the courts will rule that he has such authority . 
According to Mr. Korotich , who was present , Mr. Gorbachev 's publicized tongue-lashing of the press on Oct. 13 was more of a plea : `` Be careful boys ; use good judgment . 
After the earnings were announced , he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $ 3.80 and $ 4 a share . 
Ashland had a loss . 
Within discretionary funds for community development grants , more than $ 3.7 million is allocated to six projects in Michigan , home state of a subcommittee chairman , Rep. Bob Traxler . 
The Big Board yesterday began trading in its own basket trading vehicle representing the S&P 500 stocks . 
Sales fell 20 % , to $ 3.7 billion from $ 4.6 billion . 
The failed bank had assets of about $ 129.6 million . 
The once-staid steel industry is about to be turned topsy-turvy by a 1990s technology revolution . 
c-Yields , adjusted for constant maturity . 
Mr. Gale is an assistant professor of economics at UCLA . 
The parent also publishes weeklies , shopping guides and specialty magazines . 
Suddenly , I am not a comfortable man for Solidarity . 
Fox Broadcasting experimented with this concept last year when viewers of `` Married ... With Children '' voted on whether Al should say `` I love you '' to Peg on Valentine 's Day . 
Hasbro Inc. , the nation 's largest toy maker , reported third-quarter earnings increased 73 % from a year earlier on a 9.4 % sales gain , reflecting improved margins . 
Profit at Sears 's Coldwell Banker Real Estate Group nearly quadrupled to $ 81.2 million because of gains on sales of property . 
`` The company will not budge on anything , '' said a spokesman for the union . 
Bank it ? 
The new tax , though a source of general resentment among Japanese taxpayers , replaced a higher commodities tax that applied to automobiles . 
The mistrials have left the reputations of GAF , Mr. Sherwin and GAF Chairman Samuel Heyman in limbo . 
The Food and Drug Administration banned all imports of mushrooms from China in response to a rash of food-poisoning outbreaks linked to canned Chinese mushrooms . 
The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company that has included the $ 200 million sale of its headquarters property and the pending sale of half of its Chicago refinery and related marketing operations to Petroleos de Venezuela S.A . 
`` You ca n't give it up that easily , '' he says . 
But of course it would be highly unusual for an investment fund such as Steinhardt Partners to take over a company . 
`` We could have sat on it longer , but the impetus is to get the gas to the marketplace , '' says Richard Poole , senior scout for Santa Fe International . 
`` These people are n't necessarily stupid or naive . 
But , assuming those problems can be overcome , they should allow for memory chips that could approach one billion bits of information -- 250 times as much as is contained in the four-megabit chips that are just reaching the market and a million times what was possible in the mid-1970s . 
No one could voice an opinion until everybody with more seniority had spoken first , so younger employees -- often the most enthusiastic and innovative -- seldom spoke up at all . 
`` Traditionally , consumers were concerned about ordering after the first of December because they did n't believe they would get it by Christmas , '' says Adam Strum , chairman of the Wine Enthusiast Inc. , which sells wine cellars and accessories through the mail . 
Caltrans spokesman Jim Drago in Sacramento declined to identify the engineering firm that did the reinforcement work . 
`` When the market is low , you are buying more shares , and when it 's high , you 're buying fewer shares , '' he says . 
In response to the internationalization of the business , Mr. Sinyard 's company is replacing independent distributors overseas with wholly owned subsidiaries . 
In the corporate realm , the 1986 law abolished the investment-tax credit , scaled back use of an accounting method that allowed large contractors to defer taxes until a project was completed and strengthened the so-called alternative minimum tax , a levy to ensure all money-making businesses pay some federal tax . 
First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends . 
But after trading losses in the mid-October market jolts here , many people will be lucky to have jobs at all , executives predict . 
An increase in production at some major oil fields in the North Sea , which had been knocked out by an explosion in July 1988 , also aided results . 
Indeed , Joe Nacchio , AT&T 's vice president for business-communications services , said AT&T offered a similar Tariff 15 discount to Resort Condominium International , of Indianapolis , to meet another MCI bid . 
The hotel is scheduled to open in 1992 . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
The 30-share index settled 23.2 points higher at 1701.7 . 
The auction house , known for its sales of top-drawer 19th and 20th century works , is providing `` a service to clients who do n't want to sell just their fabulous oil paintings , '' says Villa Grisebach 's Vivien Reuter . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Despite such famous tenants as oil magnate John D. Rockefeller , Lake View Cemetery has fallen on hard times . 
The final maturity is in five years . 
Long-term support for the December contract was believed to be at $ 1.25 a pound . 
When the plant was destroyed , `` I think everyone got concerned that the same thing would happen at our plant , '' a KerrMcGee spokeswoman said . 
The plant builds chassis for recreational vehicles and about 450 workers will be affected by the closing . 
Mr. Checchi 's purchase of NWA , Mr. Batchelder notes , `` was probably the most aggressive to date , '' with bank debt at 85 % of the purchase price . 
But the U.S. has one great advantage : The Soviets are universally loathed throughout Ethiopia for what they did to the country this past decade -- famine and all . 
The issue , which is puttable back to the company in 1999 , was priced at a spread of 110 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
One of the mysteries of AIDS remains why infected people produce large quantities of antibodies , but deteriorate nonetheless . 
When Mr. Glass decides to get really fancy , he crosses his hands and hits a resonant bass note with his right hand . 
IBM has already indicated it will have problems in the quarter , partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of IBM 's overseas earnings when translated into dollars . 
The giant computer maker is slated to offer $ 500 million of 30-year non-callable debentures through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Markets -- 
Tokyo stocks closed easier , posting their first loss in six trading days , partly because of programmed index-linked selling by trust investment funds in the afternoon session . 
The average after-tax return on investment in 1986 , the most recent year for which results are available , was 6.5 % , according to Chatset Ltd. , an insurance consulting firm in London . 
( Balloon flights almost always occur at dawn or dusk , when the winds are lightest . ) 
`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
In a statement , Genetics Institute said the dispute with Boehringer centers on questions of the usability of certain batches of EPO material valued at $ 13.6 million . 
It 's not enough . 
The death toll rose to 63 . 
Mr. Ciavarella has rejected a few prospective tenants who provided `` incomplete '' financial information and acknowledges that illegitimate operators `` are not easily detectable . 
In the 1988 quarter , the bank earned $ 1.1 million . 
Also , Exxon went down 3\/8 to 45 3\/4 and Allied-Signal lost 7\/8 to 35 1\/8 even though the companies ' results for the quarter were in line with forecasts . 
The operating chief 's post is new . 
`` It is n't just yuppie television , '' argues Jack Clifford , director of the department 's office of microelectronics and instrumentation . 
The highest level was in June 1989 , when a daily average of 22.1 million shares traded in program strategies . 
Why is the stock market suddenly so volatile ? 
The exchange was all the more remarkable in that authorities released television footage to Western news agencies . 
Before the bill left committee , Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) attached an amendment that would allow a defendant to escape from a death sentence in jurisdictions shown to have meted out executions in a racist manner . 
They had fun moving the carriers around , but it turned out that they had forgotten all about mine sweepers . 
Owners say they expect the league to demand a 50 % increase , despite the fact that televised football games have had lackluster ratings . 
ADIA SERVICES INC. , Menlo Park , temporary personnel agency , annual sales of $ 504 million , OTC , said all 30 offices in Bay area were working , but in various states of disarray . 
BEWARE OF HEAVY DEBT . 
`` On the other hand , we have economic news that is { expected to be } relatively positive for the bond market . 
Mr. Ingersoll later recalled that Gen. Torrijos seemed afraid to act on the concerns of the U.S. . 
Solo woodwind players have to be creative if they want to work a lot , because their repertoire and audience appeal are limited . 
And her husband sometimes calls her `` Ducky . '' 
The FCC plans to hear a day of testimony Nov. 16 on the plight of AM radio . 
The visitors then listed technologies up for sale , including launch services and propulsion hardware . 
Mr. Fossett could n't be reached to comment . 
`` If you invested $ 10,000 in the initial public offering in 1962 , it would be worth well over $ 5 million today , '' says Fredric E. Russell , a Tulsa , Okla. , money manager . 
Ms. Bartlett 's little rooms left little room for plants or people . 
Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist , a softy with a secret crush on truth , justice and the American Way . 
The move , which was expected , marks the first time since Prohibition that Coors has sold a non-alcoholic beverage , and marks the company 's entry into a crowded , but fast-growing market that generated about $ 2.2 billion in sales last year . 
Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that `` nothing is at a mature stage . '' 
The forest-products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding . 
American Business Computer Corp. said it privately placed 1,035,000 common shares at $ 2.50 a share . 
Because the Resolution Trust Corp . could n't spend the money fast enough , the savings-and-loan outlays were pushed into fiscal 1990 . 
In the auto sector , Bayerische Motoren Werke plunged 14.5 marks to 529 marks ( $ 288 ) , Daimler-Benz dropped 10.5 to 700 , and Volkswagen slumped 9 to 435.5 . 
Intel said that last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's `` floating-point unit '' , a set of circuits that do certain calculations . 
Elsewhere , Valley National continued its slide , dropping 2 1\/8 to 15 on 1.7 million shares . 
Commodore has seemed to be setting the stage recently for progress in the U.S. , where its personal-computer sales have been so dismal for years that Commodore is close to dropping off research firms ' market-share charts . 
The director of Zimbabwe 's Wildlife Department described American conservationists as `` fat little puppies from urban environments who do n't know a thing about Africa . '' 
A series of earthquakes struck northern China , killing at least 29 people , injuring hundreds and razing about 8,000 homes , the Xinhua News Agency said . 
Gabriel W. Gorenstein , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case for the FBI , said no decision has been made about appealing the judge 's ruling . 
George L. LaMore , president and chief executive officer , will become chairman and chief executive upon Mr. Cunin 's retirement . 
The younger couple 's stockholdings involve more risk than a diversified stock portfolio because the bulk of the money is in a single issue . 
The metals segment , hurt by a strike , had break-even results , against $ 3 million a year ago . 
Since he concentrated on the economic folly of such ordinances , he did n't mention certain other of their effects . 
So often are government statistics revised that they seem to resemble a spinning weather vane . 
Lucky for Cap , Ike was easygoing and soon went away , while the shah -- he kept coming back . 
That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled . 
Buy-out offers for Maidenform are n't infrequent , says Executive Vice President David C. Masket , but they are n't taken very seriously . 
It 's written ` marcato ' in the score , and I played it that way , kind of gigue-like . 
Tana , which holds properties in 17 oil and gas fields in south Texas , will provide Texaco with mostly gas reserves . 
`` It 's so weird to have to decide what 's really important to you , '' said Barbara May . 
Fees 1 3\/4 . 
`` He does n't know himself , '' Kathy Stanwick of the Abortion Rights League says of Mr. Courter 's position . 
Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier-announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . 
The meeting had been scheduled for Nov. 10 but the company delayed the meeting to allow time for the Securities and Exchange Commission to review the proposal . 
She issued a separate statement , separating herself from a Commonwealth document reasserting the political value of imposing sanctions against South Africa . 
The New York Stock Exchange said a seat sold for $ 436,000 , down $ 39,000 from the previous sale Oct. 4 . 
`` I have wished I could die and be out of it -- that 's how bad it is , '' Betty Atkins , a secretary from suburban London , says . 
The argument turns on the discovery in 1909 of an amazing fossil quarry high in the Canadian Rockies called the Burgess Shale . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which declined 5.16 on Monday , was up 16.05 , or 0.60 % , at 2692.65 on Tuesday . 
Denis C. Smith was named to the new post of vice president of world-wide advanced materials operations for this chemicals concern . 
Batch processing is the high-volume , single-job data processing that most mainframes typically chug through at night , such as updating accounts at banks . 
`` I ca n't do anything score-wise , but I like meeting the girls . '' 
The CWA claims that monitoring not only infringes on employee privacy , but increases stress . 
Under the contract Hydro-Quebec was to supply 400 megawatts of power to Central Maine Power starting in 1992 , 600 megawatts starting in 1995 and 900 megawatts starting in 
Profit rates after the great merger wave are no higher , and now we have an extremely high-interest burden relative to cash flow . 
The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was co-sponsored by the Environment Ministry , the Rockefeller Brothers Fund , and the Polish Ecological Club , and was attended by 50 Poles from government and industry , as well as Hungarians , Czechs , Russians , Japanese and Americans . 
While many experts argue that food-importing nations would eventually become self-sufficient in a free-market system , the poorest nations are likely to need help in the meantime . 
`` Corporate profits are going to decrease faster than interest rates will fall , and the probability is that we 'll see negative economic growth in the fourth quarter . '' 
Actually , `` we do n't get much negative publicity about this , '' he insists , `` except for the press who write about it . '' 
Cementing such relationships with major clients -- car and appliance makers -- is a means of survival , especially when those key clients are relying on a smaller pool of producers and flirting with plastic and aluminum makers . 
For the Politburo replaced Mr. Honecker , who had led East Germany for 18 years and before that headed its security apparatus , with a man cut of the same cloth : Egon Krenz , the most recent internal-security chief and a longtime Honecker protege . 
By 1961 , Mr. Mahfouz 's idealism had vanished or become twisted , as it has in Said . 
In a large company that means many hundreds of complaints for personnel to handle . 
AN UNRESOLVED two-year-old dispute stemming from an Alaskan oil spill has helped spur a drive for tougher federal laws to protect victims of such accidents . 
With all this , can stock prices hold their own ? 
Nor is the group likely to come forward with a revised offer within the next 48 hours despite the hopes of many traders . 
Consumer stocks once again set the pace for blue-chip issues . 
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy-out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks . 
Securities trading was conducted in a backup facility in Concord . 
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 170 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
The MMI is a 20-stock index that mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
Backlog at General Dynamics rose to $ 16.5 billion from $ 15.8 billion . 
The machinists ' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year helped cool banks ' interest in financing the transaction . 
That is n't 51 % , and the claim is n't documented . 
But unequal trading rules allow the futures market to trade differently from stocks , which invites frequent bouts of stock-index arbitrage in the first place . 
American Telephone & Telegraph rose 3\/8 to 43 1\/2 in Big Board composite trading of 1.5 million shares , Chevron advanced 1 3\/4 to 66 5\/8 on 2.3 million shares , Woolworth rose 1 to 58 5\/8 , Coca-Cola Co. gained 5\/8 to 72 1\/2 and Eastman Kodak added 3\/8 to 44 1\/2 . 
`` But the last thing you want to do is manipulate the subconscious to make them think better . 
Traders said these issues need large-volume buying to push up their prices , so substantial gains are n't likely unless institutional investors participate . 
While some assets have been written down , others are undervalued in the accounts , Mr. Bond maintained . 
But Japanese bonds ended weaker . 
Consider , for instance , that even yesterday 's widely publicized sequester is likely to be traduced if business as usual is allowed to prevail . 
In major market activity : Bond prices rose . 
He added the original offer was `` a pretty full price , '' and that British Air 's contribution `` was quite a large chunk for us . '' 
But any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to employ . 
-- The construction of this station equal in size to the Egyptian pyramids constituted , I say it directly , a clear violation of ABM . 
Despite the pledge by the Communist rulers , tens of thousands of people across the country staged marches over the weekend to demand democratic freedoms . 
Mr. Pilson is an unlikely big spender . 
A spokesman for Scott says that assuming the price of pulp continues to soften , `` We should do well . 
Get out of the possibly collapsing building to the parking lot . 
Despite warnings from such leaders as former Federal Reserve Board Chairman William McChesney Martin that unfixed commissions would undo the industry , the SEC in September 1973 said full competition must start May l , 1975 . 
Pfizer gained 1 7\/8 to 67 5\/8 , Schering-Plough added 2 1\/4 to 75 3\/4 , Eli Lilly rose 1 3\/8 to 62 1\/8 and Upjohn firmed 3\/4 to 38 . 
The six-mile trip to my airport hotel that had taken 20 minutes earlier in the day took more than three hours . 
Then Procter & Gamble Co. agreed to buy Noxell Corp. for $ 1.3 billion . 
Having exhausted all modern aids to fertility , Linda and Michael decide to adopt . 
And jewelry makers are beginning to use many of the same marketing tricks honed in the aggressive world of cosmetics . 
142.43 yen , up 0.73 ; 1.8578 marks , up 0.0108 . 
The lawsuit was filed by Lone Star Steel 's unsecured creditors ' committee on behalf of Lone Star Steel , which has been operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code since June 30 . 
Thus , no standards , no judgment and no values . 
Sears said claims from the storm , as expected , reduced its third-quarter net by $ 80 million , or 23 cents a share . 
But several mutual-fund managers , nervous about the deteriorating quality of their junk-bond portfolios and shy about buying new issues , said they 're staying away from any junk security that is n't considered first rate for its class . 
When his wife , Betsy , came down the aisle on their wedding day in 1966 , Mr. Engelken -- no slouch on the romantic front -- gave her the ultimate compliment : `` You look prettier than Bobby Thomson 's home run . '' 
John Dingell demagogues a David Baltimore , animal-rights activists do $ 3.5 million of damage to labs at the U.Cal-Davis , Meryl Streep decries the horrors of chemistry on talk shows , Jeremy Rifkin files lawsuits in federal court to thwart biotech experiments , and Dutch-elm-disease researcher Gary Strobel 's own colleagues at Montana State denounce him for `` violating '' EPA rules . 
Berlitz will borrow an amount equal to its expected net proceeds from the offerings , plus $ 50 million , in connection with a credit agreement with lenders . 
The package `` provides a temporary , golden parachute for Grumman , '' according to one congressional aide familiar with the closed-door bargaining . 
Asked for comment , Walker Merryman , a vice president of the Tobacco Institute , said new efforts to restrict tobacco advertising in the U.S. could violate the First Amendment protection of free speech . 
Consequently , the winnowing process was like a lottery `` in which each group { held } a ticket unrelated to its anatomical virtues . 
They transferred some $ 28 million from the Community Development Block Grant program designated largely for low - and moderate-income projects and funneled it into such items as : -- $ 1.2 million for a performing-arts center in Newark , -- $ 1.3 million for `` job retention '' in Hawaiian sugar mills . -- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury , -- $ 500,000 for `` equipment and landscaping to deter crime and aid police surveillance '' at a Michigan park . -- $ 450,000 for `` integrated urban data based in seven cities . '' No other details . -- $ 390,000 for a library and recreation center at Mackinac Island , Mich . 
The agency did n't cite specific situations where dual trading might be allowed , but smaller exchanges or contracts that need additional liquidity are expected to be among them . 
He listens impassively . 
In 1990 , the issue is expected to be especially close in Alaska , California , Michigan , New York , Pennsylvania and Illinois . 
His appointment expands the board to 13 members . 
The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for Alan Bond and his flagship , Bond Corp . 
Westmoreland expects energy demand to grow annually in the 2.5 % range in the early 1990s . 
( In 1981 , before the bust , the rig count was above 4,000 . ) 
But the median income of American families fell 0.2 % , the first time it has failed to rise since 1982 . 
Those changes also would apply to two areas hit hard by Hurricane Hugo -- South Carolina and the U.S. Virgin Islands , according to an aide to Rep. Fazio . 
Equitec posted a $ 3.3 million net loss in the second quarter on $ 11.8 million of revenue , compared with a net loss of $ 12.9 million in the year-earlier period on revenue of $ 9.1 million . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
December palladium was off $ 1.55 an ounce at $ 137.20 . 
HomeFed has $ 17.9 billion of assets . 
Analysts are estimating third-quarter earnings will drop between 13 % and 20 % to about 50 to 55 cents per share , compared with 63 cents per share in the year-ago quarter . 
Still , Mr. McCammon said Ford expects the U.S. economy to weaken through the end of 1990 , causing weaker sales and production . 
But unlike Mr. Ruder , who during the 1987 crash damaged himself by saying rather offhandedly that the markets might be closed , Mr. Breeden is turning the market drop to his own advantage , using it to further his agenda for the SEC . 
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions . 
In contrast to the 1 % conversion fee charged by Visa , foreign-currency dealers routinely charge 7 % or more to convert U.S. dollars into foreign currency . 
Almost half ( 49.8 % ) reported suffering `` mental abuse '' from coaches , and almost one-quarter ( 24.8 % ) said they had been pressured to ignore injuries . 
Exxon 
Both reflect the dismissal of lower-level and shorter-tenure executives . 
These big investors have flocked to indexing because relatively few `` active '' stock pickers have been able to consistently match the returns of the S&P 500 or other bellwethers , much less beat it . 
On Friday , the chief cabinet secretary announced that eight cabinet ministers had received five million yen from the industry , including 450,000 yen ( $ 3,175 ) by Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu . 
But whether the pilots can team up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists , is another question . 
And even some pro-union pilots say his charisma and popularity among the many former military fliers could be tough to beat . 
President Reagan vetoed this as a First Amendment violation . 
They also are concerned about the persistent strength of the dollar against the yen , as a weaker yen leads to higher import prices in Japan and adds to domestic inflationary pressures . 
Some traders estimate $ 9.75 billion of new two-year Treasurys will be sold next week , and they expect Refcorp to offer $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion of long-term `` bailout '' bonds . 
He added that shops will have to continue reducing their stocks of liquor and avoid displaying them too prominently in the window . 
Figuring that maybe $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 would do but having no idea of what kind of policy I wanted , I looked at the myriad products of a dozen companies -- and plunged into a jungle of gibberish . 
Mr. Saltzburg , who teaches evidence at the University of Virginia School of Law and was a deputy assistant attorney general in the U.S. Justice Department until August , submitted his resignation earlier this month to federal Judge Robert R. Merhige Jr. , in Richmond , Va . 
And you thought the only reason to save your canceled checks was to prepare for an IRS audit . 
`` It 's a misconception that physical fitness is something for the young and middle-aged , '' says Michael Pacholik , sales manager of the LA Fitness club , Diamond Bar , Calif . 
But Mr. Guber figured that Warner Communications Inc. chairman Steven Ross , would empathize and let the producers go , knowing the Sony offer was `` the culmination of a life 's work . '' 
`` Reports from branches are that there has been greater interest in the last day or so , '' said Steven Braitman , a vice president at Chemical Bank in New York . 
The East German media soon began presenting Mr. Gorbachev 's speeches only as sketchy summaries , and giving space to his opponents . 
Cross & Trecker , a Bloomfield Hills , Mich. , machine-tool maker , said the net sales price of the total transaction is $ 24 million . 
Consultants have said that it will take a while for all the pieces of the IBM strategy to fall into place , even though the specific products IBM unveiled will generally be available by the end of the first quarter . 
No one admits to anything , but India 's industrialists have a history of making under-the-table campaign donations . 
( Mr. O'Dwyer is now one of the lawyers for Mr. Sutton 's media company . ) 
`` We have invested in improved editorial quality and expanded our quality audience without substantially increasing our costs . 
Ellen Cokely , a tourist from Alton , Ill. , seems inclined to agree . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said that a $ 150 million senior subordinated discount debenture issue by R.P. Scherer Drugs is expected by the end of the month . 
Justin 's attorney , Charles E. Baxley , said Justin would ask an appeals court to set aside the order temporarily , pending an expedited appeal . 
Friday 's market rout came smack in the middle of the heaviest month for CD rollovers , when a number of banks and thrifts already have promotions under way . 
Panda Motors is one such investment . 
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand . 
BankAmerica 's total loans rose 8 % to $ 71.36 billion . 
Hong Kong financial institutions have been waiting for interest-rate futures for a long time . 
The Peruvian mineral concern 's $ 251 million claim stems from 1988 jury award in a case stemming from the brothers ' alleged attempts to corner the 1979-80 silver market . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. said Prime Computer Inc. has agreed to resell as much as $ 200 million worth of Sun 's machines over the next two years . 
Only about 20 % of California home and business owners carried earthquake coverage . 
Reluctant to advance further on their own , some stores have settled for tie-ups with famous specialty shops . 
And there 's pride . 
DISASTER STATES are n't jumping to raise taxes for relief and recovery . 
These people used to be called brokers , but apparently this word either is not grandiose enough or carries too many negative connotations from the aforementioned technical correction , when terrified customers could n't raise brokers on the phone . 
For its fiscal year ended March 31 , CSC had revenue of $ 1.3 billion . 
A spokesman for New York City Comptroller Harrison Goldin said the high rates reflect investors concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainties . 
This cuts down greatly on labor , Mr. Buchner said . 
Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says the reduction is a cost-cutting measure and an effort to let the No. 1 auto maker 's 134-lawyer in-house legal department take on matters it is better equipped and trained to handle . 
On this basis , `` there 's no way the average person can know a good charity from a bad one , '' says David Ormstedt , an assistant attorney general in Connecticut . 
I know when dividends are due ; When bonds should be retired ; But what gets by me every time Is has the milk expired ? 
Beech Aircraft Corp. , a unit of Raytheon Co. , received an $ 11.5 million Air Force contract for C-12 aircraft support . 
Some of the oil interests already have been sold . 
Altogether , Macy and its subsidiaries own or lease 149 department stores and 61 specialty stores nationwide . 
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement . 
Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting chairman and a former Cup victor ; Peter G. Diamandis , head of Diamandis Communications , and Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman and chief executive of Avis Inc . 
`` Some Japanese executives are not yet ... comfortable about sharing strategic information with their American colleagues , '' the researchers say . 
While universities develop the basic research , `` venture capitalists are the ones best positioned to finance its commercialization , '' says Gloria W. Doubleday of Commonwealth . 
Yet another opportunity for President Bush to respond , `` Read my lips . 
Mobil officials said that it is unlikely any additional charges related to this move will be taken in future quarters . 
First , the sport you play is no longer a game -- it becomes a job . 
We just do n't have that kind of income stream . '' 
Until then , they expect the cost of integrating the two carriers to continue crimping profits . 
The placement was made through Gray Seifert Securities , New York , to institutional investors . 
But if the Japanese return in force , their financial might could compensate to some extent for local investors ' waning commitment . 
Now , she says , `` it 's no longer an issue . '' 
Meanwhile , Japanese bankers said they were still hesitant about accepting Citicorp 's latest proposal . 
That way , they can be home in time for work Sunday . 
The vast majority of them , however , were wiped out by a succession of environmental upheavals that were too sudden and catastrophic for the normal rules of natural selection to operate . 
He predicted the U.S. unit will skid below 1.80 marks to around 1.78 marks this month and 1.75 marks by the beginning of the new year . 
The board has 10 business days to respond . 
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs . 
Consumers Power and Bechtel Power Corp. last year announced a joint venture to buy the plant , currently owned completely by the utility . 
But Asher B. Edelman , who controls about 16 % of the San Antonio , Texas , computer-servicing company , insisted that the announcement did n't have anything to do with the ongoing battle for control of Datapoint Corp . 
ENGRAPH INC. recently reported third-quarter earnings , which were mistakenly shown in the Quarterly Earnings Surprises table in last Tuesday 's edition to be lower than the average of analysts ' estimates . 
The Educational Network , as Mr. Whittle has named the three programs , has been offered to 1,290 school districts and Whittle continues to negotiate with 919 districts . 
So , while KKR today has an estimated $ 250 million sunk in now-shaky SCI TV , including equity and debt , the LBO firm still is $ 1 billion ahead on the SCI TV buy-out after taking cash up front . 
Microsoft Corp. 's earnings growth continued to outstrip that of most of its competitors and customers in the personal-computer industry , as it reported a 36 % jump in fiscal first-quarter earnings on a 33 % revenue gain . 
Mr. Owen of Kleinwort Benson suggested that the new chancellor , John Major , will take a tough line in his autumn statement later this month , helping to underpin the pound . 
Francis D. John , 35-year-old president , will assume the additional job of chief executive officer . 
The purchase price was disclosed in a preliminary prospectus issued in connection with MGM Grand 's planned offering of six million common shares . 
`` There is a large market out there hungry for hybrid seeds , '' he said . 
In making polyethylene sheets out of plastic chips , for instance , a chip sometimes does n't melt , gets caught in the machinery and creates a run in the sheets . 
Such centrifugal egg breakers have been around since the 1890s . 
Stocks : Volume 126,630,000 shares . 
Yet , he asserts , `` you look around ... and you say , ` Who are the leaders ? 
`` People asked , is it really true ? '' says Maury Kelley , vice president , marketing services , for Beecham Products USA , a maker of health and personal-care products that used the ranking in its recruiting brochure . 
Instead , he says , most investors have to rely on the rumor-happy Indian press . 
I looked at my watch . 
In a remark someone should remember this time next year , Senator Sasser said , `` I think we 've seen the peak of military construction spending for many years to come . '' 
Mark , an oil and gas concern , said the 15-year debentures are convertible before maturity at C$ 12.50 for each Mark common share , and can be redeemed at the company 's option , under certain conditions , after Nov. 30 , 1992 . 
In other personnel changes stemming from problems in its options unit : 
`` People are sort of nervous to do anything in the market now . 
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved . 
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges . 
The carrier has valuable trans-Pacific and Asian routes but it remains debt-laden and poorly managed . 
Former Democratic fund-raiser Thomas M. Gaubert , whose savings and loan was wrested from his control by federal thrift regulators , has been granted court permission to sue the regulators . 
Aimed specifically at CD holders are so-called CD-type annuities , or certificates of annuity . 
The Cypress structure opened in June 1957 , and as such , like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area , does not meet current building codes requiring considerably more steel support . 
`` If you know you 've got stability in price , you can do things you would n't do with the volatility of the past few years . '' 
Give television a chance to cover live any breaking of the law , and no second invitation will be required . 
Now , thousands of mailers , catalogs and sales pitches go straight into the trash . 
The nations of southern Africa know a lot about managing elephants ; their herds are thriving . 
Texaco Inc. reported an 11 % increase in third-quarter earnings , which it attributed partly to the company 's massive restructuring after it emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings 18 months ago . 
This heavy outside support for the worst has undermined better , moderate leaders . 
Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc. -- 13 million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
In late May , Stena Holding AG and Tiphook PLC , launched a $ 50-a-share , or $ 777 million , tender offer for the Hamilton , Bermuda-based Sea Containers . 
`` The cost { of magnetic stimulators } would seem like peanuts if we could retrieve limb function '' in such people , Dr. Tator says . 
Perhaps Mr. Gates would emphasize more than Mr. Baker the many hurdles the Soviet leader must leap if he is going to succeed . 
The center improves the community image to outsiders as well , and may help to arrest , or even reverse , the exodus of capital and investment . 
Bank Building , which builds and equips banks , had announced it would restate the first-three quarters of this fiscal year , which ends Oct. 31 . 
Also slowing growth in the U.S. were lackluster results for P&G 's cooking oils , which had a strong year-earlier first quarter . 
One thing that makes E-mail difficult to sift through is that each item looks the same . 
A key provision in the current version of the charter would give the commission a mandate to produce an `` action program '' detailing on what points EC member states would be required to comply with the goals set out in the charter . 
An Henri Matisse , auctioned last Wednesday , fetched $ 12.4 million , a world record for the artist . 
Now , when I play with orchestras , the musicians often compliment me on my intonation . '' 
Officials expect the Golden Gate Bridge to be swamped with an extra load of commuters , including East Bay residents making a long detour . 
International Business Machines Corp. said its board approved the purchase of $ 1 billion of its common shares , a move that should help support its battered stock . 
The world 's largest fast-food chain said net income rose to $ 217.9 million , or 59 cents a share , from $ 191.3 million , or 51 cents a share , a year ago . 
In addition , Sanford Grossman , a Wharton School finance professor , says volatile jumps in stock prices will continue as long as liquidity falls short of the voracious demands of institutions `` who can go out and say ` I have a billion dollars of stocks to sell . ' '' 
The analyst said it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities . 
For the political process to work , all citizens , regardless of race , must feel represented . 
Some of the funds will used to demolish unstable buildings and clear sites for future construction . 
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7 % convertible pay-in-kind securities maturing in 2009 closed 1\/2 higher at 86 1\/2 after trading as low as 85 1\/4 . 
The lawyers went to work anyway , duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake . 
Municipals 
The foes of abortion hold the strong whip hand in Pennsylvania , where abortion-rights activists are so much on the defensive that their strategy is less to fight the proposed legislation than it is to stress how the state legislature does n't reflect the viewpoints of the state 's citizens . 
Security at a typical Haagen inner-city center is impressive , but unobtrusive . 
One reason questions surround the heat experiments is that they involve unusually meticulous measurements . 
The poll showed that company size had a bearing on a manager 's view of the problem , with 65 % of those in companies of more than 15,000 employees saying stress-related problems were `` fairly pervasive '' and 55 % of those in companies with fewer than 4,000 employees agreeing . 
All the figures are adjusted to remove usual seasonal patterns . 
But the production is the equal of any local program . 
In the TVS statement , Mr. Price said `` leaving MTM was a very difficult decision , '' but added that `` it is now time for a change ... . '' 
Activity in derivative markets was strong with four new real estate mortgage investment conduits announced and talk of several more deals in today 's session . 
About the same time , the Iran-Iraq war , which was roiling oil markets , ended . 
The main effect of the ceiling boost was to `` legitimize '' some of the overproduction already coming from the quota cheaters . 
Michael Smith 
Qintex Australia paid the management company A$ 32.6 million in the latest fiscal year . 
`` Lawmakers have been saying for weeks that they plan to roll back the cuts as soon as they agree to a compromise on a deficit-cutting bill . '' 
John Labatt Ltd. said it plans a private placement of 150 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 127.5 million ) in preferred shares , to be completed around Nov. 1 . 
`` It turned out we could n't sell it , '' a Canadian Pacific official said , adding that acquiring the remainder of Soo Line is now `` the best way to rationalize operations . '' 
The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage , better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses . 
L.H. Blum Beaumont , Texas 
`` It was like a comedy of errors , '' says Martin J. `` Hoot '' McInerney , a big dealer whose Star Lincoln-Mercury-Merkur operation in Southfield , Mich. , sold more XR4Ti 's than any other dealership . 
He will remain on the Banc One board . 
`` They 're dead wrong . '' 
A company spokesman said the Veslefrikk field 's gross reserves were estimated in 1987 at 229 million barrels . 
A number of accounts of the events leading to the 190 point drop in New York stock prices on Oct. 13 accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for one reason or another . 
But even if they behaved recklessly , reasons still exist to fear and resist this steady process of case-by-case judicial extension of the law of insider trading . 
They always say to get a degree first , but they do n't allow us time or to skip practice to study for a test . 
Stores such as Sears that sell big-ticket durable goods might actually get a boost as consumers rush to replace items lost in the disasters , he said . 
But last year Hitachi Ltd. surprised Japan 's electronics industry when it accused Korea 's Samsung Electronics Co. of using Hitachi technology to make dynamic random-access memory chips . 
He was shocked , associates say , to learn of Mr. Icahn 's new takeover threat . 
The Internal Revenue Service said it is willing to let the U.S. Tax Court decide how much oil man William Herbert Hunt will owe the government after his assets are liquidated . 
SUGAR : 
Akzo also has small operations in diagnostic tests , generic drugs and veterinary products . 
With MGM\/UA 's `` Rainman , '' for instance , Messrs. Guber and Peters had virtually nothing to do with day-to-day production , but their names still appear in big letters on the credits , and they are inevitably associated with its success . 
Proponents of simplification fear that the chances of getting it into the final bill are waning . 
He hit the lanes three years ago on the advice of his doctor . 
`` In the world of intelligence , if you want to get information , you get it from seedy characters . 
Ms. Garratt sued the Dallas apparel maker earlier this year , charging that Jerell developed and marketed clothing lines fashioned after her designs , in violation of their contract . 
Continentals are unable to be butlers because they are as a breed incapable of the emotional restraint which only the English race are capable of . '' 
M. Anthony Burns , Ryder 's chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` We 're constantly trying to find ways to regain the earnings momentum . 
They set up absurd situations , detached from reality , and then try to reason from them . 
`` It becomes a source of cash '' for the company making the LBO because it gets a deduction and does n't have to repay the debt for several years . 
Qintex 's $ 1.5 billion pact to buy MGM\/UA collapsed recently . 
Some U.S. allies are complaining that President Bush is pushing conventional-arms talks too quickly , creating a risk that negotiators will make errors that could affect the security of Western Europe for years . 
But experts say that when it comes to distressed properties , finding diamonds in the rough is n't easy . 
The announcement came as Societe Commerciale , a trading company with activities in more than 40 countries , reported a loss of 320.5 million francs ( $ 51 million ) for the first six months of this year , partly because of provisions on future losses . 
`` The croaker 's done gone from the hook -- 
They noted that studies completed after the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a source of volatility . 
The bank holding company posted net income of $ 54.4 million , or 87 cents a share , including $ 1.7 million , or three cents a share , in one-time tax benefits . 
Even in Denenchofu , one of Tokyo 's richest neighborhoods , Mr. Morishita 's splashy brick manor -- one of some 10 houses he owns -- outshines the neighbors ' . 
Charles Lieberman , managing director of financial markets reasearch at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp. , New York , said Hurrican Hugo shaved 0.1 % to 0.2 % from personal-income growth , because of greatly diminished rental income from tourism . 
Mr. Paul has a plan to bring in $ 150 million by selling off 63 of CenTrust 's 71 branches , but it has yet to be approved by regulators . 
Campeau 's Ms. Sanger disputes Mr. Konheim 's comments . 
`` This is a watershed time , and we are trying to plot our way ahead , '' he says . 
With talk today of a second economic miracle in West Germany , East Germany no longer can content itself with being the economic star in a loser league . 
The issue : Is the planner putting his clients into the best investments , or the ones that garner the biggest commissions ? 
Under that law , defendants who allegedly commit a pattern of crimes by means of a `` criminal enterprise '' may be charged with racketeering and forced to forfeit the proceeds of the enterprise . 
Iverson 's earnings plunged 70 % to $ 1.2 million . 
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 climbed to $ 551 million , or $ 1.66 a share , from $ 400 million , or $ 1.18 a share , a year earlier . 
`` But our polls show voters do n't like the attack stuff . 
`` Briggs screamed , '' Mr. Windsor recalls . 
r - Revised . 
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax-exempt portion of the offering late Monday . 
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association . 
The 220 pilots involved in the suit are n't members of the union . 
IBM 's mainframe sales have held up better than expected this year , with analysts estimating they have risen 10 % to 12 % . 
Betsy Engelken asked the same question earlier this year , when her husband was about to turn 50 . 
Even then , opponents managed to get a congressional hearing to examine what one congressman called an `` unscrupulous '' method for breaking eggs . 
Nevertheless , Salomon 's stock fell $ 1.125 yesterday to close at $ 23.25 a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
But even Mr. Boren defends congressional oversight . 
On the pricing front , an 11-class issue of $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp . 
In the wake of the earthquake in California and the devastation of Hurricane Hugo , many companies in disaster-prone areas are pondering the question of preparedness . 
Throughout the 1970s , Stamford school and city officials made no effort to locate the mural . 
Rep. Garcia , on trial for bribery and extortion , puts statements in the Congressional Record attributing missed votes to `` scheduling conflicts . '' ... 
So term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks . 
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions . 
The exempt amount for beneficiaries under 65 will rise to $ 6,840 from $ 6,480 . 
We think that the ratings revision is unfortunate but not unexpected . 
Analysts say USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once . 
The broadcasting unit reported operating profit of $ 134.9 million , up 18 % from the year-earlier $ 114.3 million . 
`` In essence we have made a decision to clear the decks , '' Mr. Bond told the meeting . 
It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history . 
Mr. Peterson also says he does n't consider himself a financial planner anymore . 
The government issues its first reading on third-quarter real gross national product this week in a report that is expected to disclose much tamer inflation . 
The announcement follows several comments by government officials that the government will speed up the repeal of the tax , which was originally scheduled to fall with the start of the single internal market in the European Community at the end of 1992 . 
Little matter for Mr. Vila , who complains that `` public TV never paid me more than $ 40,000 a year . '' 
Only 4 % of Missouri small businesses surveyed say they 've tested an employee or applicant for drug or alcohol use ... . 
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours . 
In Poland 's rapid shift from socialism to an undefined alternative , environmental issues have become a cutting edge of broader movements to restructure the economy , cut cumbersome bureaucracies , and democratize local politics . 
In the same statement , US Facilities also said it had bought back 112,000 of its common shares in a private transaction . 
A Chemical Securities group won a $ 100 million Oregon general obligation veterans ' tax note issue due Nov. 1 , 1990 . 
The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . 
Dennis O'Brien , the treasurer of Commonwealth Edison Co. in Chicago , adopts a polite approach , waiting for an opportunity to ask about the forecast . 
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view . 
In Tokyo Friday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.02 yen , up from Thursday 's Tokyo close of 141.90 yen . 
If these conditions are met , he said , the ANC would be prepared to discuss suspending its guerrilla activities . 
Experts are predicting a big influx of new shows in 1990 , when a service called `` automatic number information '' will become widely available . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had nothing to do with either delay . 
Tokyo stocks closed firmer Monday , with the Nikkei index making its fifth consecutive daily gain . 
She charged ahead of the government and the law to establish Hochiminh City Food Co. as the biggest rice dealer in the country . 
Jaguar ended 22 higher at 747 . 
For 48 hours , no one had any idea precisely how much his securities were worth . 
Will the adoption of this particular form of a poison pill significantly improve the chances for management to carry out this strategy ? 
Bally Manufacturing Corp. and New York developer Donald Trump have agreed in principle to a $ 6.5 million settlement of shareholder litigation stemming from Bally 's alleged greenmail payment to Mr. Trump . 
With demand growing and workers in short supply , many Japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on automation . 
`` Once people got into it , I was allowing them to live a dream , '' he says . 
Like Brecht , and indeed Ezra Pound , Ms. Bogart has said that her intent in such manipulative staging of the classics is simply an attempt to `` make it new . '' 
Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe . 
Since gold tends to soar when inflation is high , that finding suggests that people believe inflation remains under control . 
Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement , and called any comparison between the coming beer-industry tiff and the seemingly unending `` cola wars , '' unwarranted . 
Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments by the International Finance Corp . 
GP Express , an independent airline serving much of Nebraska , estimates that nearly 40 % of its revenues come from the subsidies that , in some cases , exceed the cost of a ticket . 
In 1987 , it sold a 2.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to the Swedish national oil company , resulting in a $ 7 million after-tax gain . 
EC officials say they are irked that the U.S. has set a specific timetable and is insisting on the `` elimination '' of export subsides , not just reduction . 
In his letter to Knight-Ridder President James K. Batten , Mr. McMaster said he arrived at the $ 68 million figure using Knight-Ridder 's corporate financial statements and comments by Knight-Ridder officials that the Free Press has a $ 50 million value in salvage . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Merck shares closed at $ 75.25 , up 50 cents . 
The only securities so far to be singled out are those issued by Bay View Federal Savings & Loan . 
The new agreement will last for 3 1\/2 years starting July 1 , 1990 , when the current agreement expires . 
But it does n't always work so smoothly . 
Mr. Lego said the company foresees the need for a major boost in new-generation capability throughout the 1990s . 
In a news release issued by Mr. Drivon , the trial lawyers association also promised free assistance to victims . 
When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge , I began to cry . 
$ 150 million of Remic mortgage securities offered in 12 classes by First Boston Corp . 
Average annual earnings of those who have hung on , though , surged to $ 78,625 last year from $ 69,553 in 1987 . 
Mr. Nowak said he attaches particular importance to the proposed sale because it suggests that the company is willing to sell oil and gas assets that are n't part of its major strategic strengths . 
However , there 's a continuing dispute between machine tool makers and the Defense Department over whether sophisticated U.S. machine tools would increase the Soviet Union 's military might . 
New York Stock Exchange volume shrank to 166.9 million shares from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
BNL called a shareholders ' assembly meeting in December to vote on the proposals . 
Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment . 
Testimony is expected to continue until early December . 
WCRS Group hopes to announce , perhaps today , an agreement to sell the majority of its ad unit to Paris-based Eurocom , a European ad executive said . 
Most important , experts say , is to show that a company 's ethical tone is set at the top . 
The White House , never eager for a fight , was happy to try , which is why George Bush said he was looking for `` flexibility '' last week . 
`` Look a customer right in the eye and say , ` I 'm glad to be at Wang . 
In New York , Roger Killion , a Hambrecht executive vice president , said he expects OTC trading at the company to resume this morning , either in New York or in San Francisco . 
`` We can support the American flag without changing the American Constitution , '' said Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine . 
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares . 
If it ca n't be made at that price , it does n't get filled . 
Boise Cascade Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9.45 % debentures due 2009 , priced at 99.7 . 
It says it may pull its clients ' ads from those magazines . 
The issue has been simmering for years . 
Charlie Brown is selling out . 
The fasteners , nuts and bolts , are sold to the North American auto market . 
The 1989 deficit would have been nearly $ 10 billion larger had the government been able to spend as much as Congress intended on cleaning up the thrift industry before the year ended on Sept. 30 . 
The commission denied Mr. Semel 's request that the fine and suspension be delayed pending the appeal . 
`` Absolutely , '' he said . 
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower . 
Ratners Group PLC 's U.S. subsidiary has agreed to acquire jewelry retailer Weisfield 's Inc. for $ 50 a share , or about $ 55 million . 
Among 2,412 of the largest OTC issues , short interest rose to 196.8 million shares , from 185.7 million in 2,379 stocks in September . 
Exxon 's net income during the third quarter dropped to $ 1.11 billion , or 87 cents a share , from $ 1.22 billion , or 93 cents a share , a year earlier . 
When WCRS created Della Femina McNamee out of the merger of three smaller agency units in 1988 , it said it did so in order to attract larger clients , especially packaged-goods companies . 
The company said it has an option to increase the offering by up to 350,000 shares . 
Recently , Japan has been buying copper elsewhere . 
And neither Democrats nor Republicans are predicting that the capital-gains forces can produce enough votes . 
Whitbread of Britain put its spirits division up for sale , setting off a scramble among distillers . 
`` We have to clear up these issues and find out what is present that is creating artificial volatility , '' Mr. Fisher said . 
`` I think it will shake confidence one more time , and a lot of this business is based on client confidence . '' 
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation . 
Third-quarter revenue rose to $ 4.9 billion from $ 4.7 billion . 
They have offered bundles of homeequity loans , as well as packages of loans used to buy vacation time-shares . 
Personal spending , which fueled the economy 's growth in the third quarter , was clearly slowing by the end of the period , raising questions about the economy 's strength as the year ends . 
Maybe -- if every senator shared the principles of Mr. Boren . 
Mutual fund officials say that investors have transferred most of it into their money market accounts , and to a lesser extent , government-bond funds . 
To stem speculation , Beijing imposed ceiling prices that went into effect earlier this year . 
The computer giant , whose U.S. results have been dismal for years , noted that revenue rose again in the U.S. in the third quarter , following an increase in the second period . 
The Arizona banking concern is facing difficulties related to weakness in the real estate market in the state . 
`` We expect they will be current with their debts by the end of the week , but we are considering asking them for letters of credit before we take more orders . '' 
Different tactics are called for , as losing money becomes easier and making money becomes tougher . 
Beyond that , many big oil , chemical and airline companies are siphoning off big chunks of the market by insuring themselves through `` captive '' offshore companies for industry-specific coverage . 
`` However , given the changes in the market conditions that have occurred since then , we decided to sell only the amount needed to proceed with our contemplated recapitalization , '' he said . 
But if the cooperative attitude holds and there is greater consultation on covert activities , the country could be entering an era when such hare-brained schemes are scrapped before they get off the drawing boards , while risky but well-planned secret operations can be undertaken without fear that a panicky Congress will balk . 
The action in Pennsylvania , for example , will follow last week 's collapse of a special session of the Florida legislature to enact restrictions on abortions in that state , and the vote here in Washington by the House to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape or incest . 
They both called it a `` welcome home '' gathering . 
Merkur 's death is n't nearly as costly to Ford as was the Edsel debacle , because Merkur was a relatively low-budget project with limited sales goals . 
These bacterial `` cousins '' ordinarily do n't make the toxin . 
Asked what he would do differently on the morrow , Craig allowed that he might play his outfielders deeper , `` maybe on the other side of the fence . '' 
Funds that invest internationally were the top-performing stock and fixed-income funds . 
Tom Trettien , a vice president with Banque Paribas in New York , sees a break in the dollar 's long-term upward trend , a trend that began in January 1988 . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Turner 's Class A stock closed at $ 50.50 , down 37.5 cents . 
Two hours later , the first word emerged on Capitol Hill that the administration had agreed to reconciliation with no such assurances from Senate Democrats . 
With the TV business falling on hard times in recent years , analysts say that if SCI TV had to be liquidated today , it might fetch 30 % less than in the 1987 buy-out , wiping out most of the company 's junk-holders and its stockholders . 
And they want the U.S. to help them sell overseas . 
The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by an old friend of the Volokhs , Boris Krutchensky ( who has the title of co-publisher ) , and Laurie Halpern Smith , now the magazine 's co-editor . 
Revenue from tourism this year is projected to total $ 1.3 billion , down from $ 2.2 billion last year . 
The court , in a 3-0 ruling , threw out a deadline set by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for settling old contract disputes over gas that the pipeline companies reserved but did n't use . 
But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . 
The plan thus will decrease by 22 % , for a net loss of 10 % , the number of students admitted primarily by academic criteria . 
Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI , but before it can , a lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter , the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency . 
The company attributed the decline to weakness in the commercial-switch market in North America and in the European appliance-controls market . 
Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators ' refusal to approve the contract earlier this year halted work on transmission lines and stopped negotiations for resale of electricity carried through Maine to other utilities . 
The seniority-list controversy , along with the job-classification dispute , has been turned over to the mediator . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
In addition , the companies will each spend about FFr 1 billion on tooling up their plants . 
The product overcame the bad publicity and kept evolving . 
Stabilizing the derivative markets would tend to stabilize the primary market . 
Apparently , however , the improvement came too late . 
`` This means Nestle is now in the candybar business in a big way , '' said Lisbeth Echeandia , publisher of Orlando , Fla.-based Confectioner Magazine . 
The charge resulted from a settlement approved yesterday by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities . 
The 30-share index fell 33.3 points to 1739.3 . 
You quote Robert Crandall , chairman of American 's parent , AMR Corp. , as having said that discount deals for big customers would be `` dumb '' because `` you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 175 , $ 275 or $ 375 . '' 
Revenue reached $ 1.1 billion from $ 1.01 billion . 
Elena Scambio , the woman assigned to run the Jersey City school system that was taken over by the state , says her top priority will be to `` cut through the dead hand of bureaucracy . '' 
Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said . 
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place . 
`` The problem is , if people get down in the dumps , they stop selling , '' says Mike Durcan , a laid-off sales manager in Wang 's Austin office . 
AMERICAN BRANDS Inc. , Old Greenwich , Conn. , said it increased its quarterly 11 % to 68 cents a share from 61 cents , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . 
In the fiscal year ended Jan. 31 , the company reported sales of $ 59.5 million and pretax profit of $ 2.9 million . 
Ultimately , whether the insurance provided by purchasing puts is worthwhile depends on the cost of the options . 
The program trading situation seems to have driven individual investors as well as others out of the market , and even Europeans are suspicious . 
Its advantage has been the peppy little Pride , sold as the Ford Festiva in the U.S. . 
If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include human rights , Soviet reforms , regional disputes , relations with allies , economic cooperation , arms control , and joint efforts to fight narcotics , terrorism and pollution . 
But despite more than two years of research showing AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , the drug still lacks federal approval for use in the youngest patients . 
By buying futures contracts , these companies attempt to protect themselves from swings in the price of the corn that they are obligated to deliver . 
Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , AT&T said , and three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 . 
Mr. Anderson wants the prestige colleges to sponsor such a plan . 
Some investors say Friday 's sell-off was a good thing , because it deflated a lot of crazy takeover speculation . 
It 's as if investors , the past few days , are betting that something is going to go wrong -- even if they do n't know what . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
General Motors Corp. 's GMC Truck division put a $ 750 cash incentive on its 1990 full-sized Jimmy and Suburban trucks . 
Call option beginning March 31 , 1992 , if the price of the stock rises more than 50 % within 30 trading days as well as a call option for tax reasons . 
If they were to insist on a low bid of , say $ 200 a share , the board might n't be able to obtain a higher offer from other bidders because banks might hesitate to finance a transaction the pilots oppose . 
As for the humor that Gorky 's text provides , when repainted in such broad strokes ( particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble ) it looks and sounds forced . 
Last year , only 8 % were expecting a recession . 
Per-share earnings : Loss of 8 cents vs. loss of 9 cents 
Other Saatchi units include ad agency McCaffrey & McCall , which has the Mercedes account and which has been attempting to buy itself back ; and Howard Marlboro , a sports and event marketing firm . 
But at this point , that may just be wishful thinking . 
We designed a comprehensive program , and we worked hard on it . 
Getting out of them , however , may be a different story now . 
The head of the nation 's largest car-dealers group is telling dealers to `` just say no '' when auto makers pressure them to stockpile cars on their lots . 
The most important development in Mr. Gorbachev 's policy for marginalizing the opposition movement is the claim that the U.S.S.R. also suffers from terrorism . 
The engine plant may encompass plans for a joint components venture with Jaguar . 
Ashland Oil Inc. said it will take after-tax charges of $ 78 million , or $ 1.40 a share , in its fiscal fourth quarter , ended Sept. 30 . 
This is like asking foxes to feel remorse about chickens , and naturally rescissions are almost never approved . 
The number of computers has mushroomed in recent years , with 10,000 in use , as well as 30,000 miniature models . 
Other cases go to show that an old saw still applies : If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is . 
Combustion Engineering , which provides engineered products , systems and services for power generation , also sold Illinois Minerals Co. , based in Cairo , Ill . 
The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % . 
It ended at $ 40.125 , down $ 2.375 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
For cities losing business to suburban shopping centers , it may be a wise business investment to help keep those jobs and sales taxes within city limits . 
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 . 
The insured bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Power generation had higher sales but lower earnings ; the company cited factors including work on certain low profit-margin contracts from previous years . 
They are very considerable : Since 1986 , when Spain joined the European Community , its gross domestic product has grown at an annual average of 4.6 % -- the fastest in the EC . 
Salomon , moreover , gets its data on art appreciation from Sotheby 's , whose prices go up with clients like Mr. Paul in its thrall . 
State housing prices , at a median $ 201,028 , have declined in recent months because of potential buyers ' inability to afford homes . 
`` Let 's not forget this is the same company that has been profiteering with this drug for 2 1\/2 years , '' Mr. Weiss added . 
As a consultant , he has given seminars at agencies including Ogilvy & Mather on how to win new business . 
Petrolane Gas Service 's 13 1\/4 % debentures traded at 102 , after trading around par earlier this week , and RJR 's 13 1\/2 % subordinated debentures of 2001 were at 101 5\/8 after trading at below par earlier this week . 
The agreement calls for MCI to provide data service , 800 and Vnet service , a virtual private network service . 
What shook America was not a battle for justice but for naked power , in which an army of judicial activists rolled over a judge they had demonized . 
The latest third-quarter volume also compares with a very strong 10 % growth in the year-ago quarter . 
Although this widow earns only twice the minimum wage , largely due to the earnings limit , she would have to earn an additional $ 4,930 to offset her catastrophic surtax of $ 496 . 
`` Regardless of whether one supports or opposes the right to an abortion , '' Mr. Freind argues , `` it is virtually impossible for any rational human being to disagree with the concept that a woman has the right to have all of the appropriate materials and advice made available to her before she makes a decision which , one way or the other , might remain with her for the rest of her life . '' 
Mr. Stevens said British Air has n't received any new buy-out proposals from the labor-management group , led by UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf , and has n't received any indication of when one might be forthcoming . 
Source : Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
Although the Treasury is expected to announce details of its November quarterly refunding operation today , the Nov. 79 schedule could be delayed unless Congress and the president act soon to lift the nation 's debt ceiling . 
Complying with these is enough to make business owners look forward to their own pension days . 
`` I do n't think anyone is now immune from takeover , '' said Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps Inc. , Chicago . 
Some of this buying was by Japan , which has had its supplies sharply reduced by long production stoppages at the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea , Highland Valley mine in British Columbia , and the Cananea mine in Mexico , which are major shippers to Japan . 
Often they have found that the relevant issue is not race , but rather housing , crime prevention or education . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield to 6.75 % in 2000 . 
As a result , many economists were expecting the consumer price index to increase significantly more than it did . 
As smaller and more powerful computers continue to be the focus of the industry , he said , Western Digital is strengthening development of laptop parts . 
The Bakersfield Supermarket went out of business last May . 
I believe the risk for each individual stock selected by your pros is very large . 
In some companies middle managers sneak massage therapists into the office , fearful that upper-level executives wo n't approve . 
`` It 's madness -- that in an hour you can whack off so much value , '' says Stanford Calderwood , chairman of Trinity Investment Management Corp. , Boston . 
Mr. Bush has pledged as well to respect the 14-year-old executive order barring U.S. agents from assassinating foreign leaders or helping others to do so . 
Then maybe I could stay home and have seven children and watch Oprah Winfrey , like Beulah in the article , instead of having one child and working constantly just to stay above water , like so many families in this country . 
It is primarily a certified outpatient treatment facility providing comprehensive services to people with epilepsy and their families . 
But it 's just one of those things that happened . 
( `` Food manufacturer changes spelling of ` catsup ' to ` ketchup , ' saying that 's the spelling people now prefer . '' 
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms-control talks ever attempted . 
Assuming modern audiences readily understand that Moliere 's social indictment covers their world as well as 17th-century Paris , Mr. Wilbur concentrated his formidable artistry on rendering the Alexandrine French verse into sprightly and theatrical English iambic pentameter . 
Lawyers also say an erratic stock market and uncertain financing conditions have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed . 
He declined to elaborate . 
Philip Morris added 1 1\/8 to 44 1\/2 in Big Board composite trading of 3.7 million shares , Coca-Cola Co. gained 2 3\/8 to 70 3\/8 , Merck gained 1 3\/8 to 77 3\/8 and American Telephone & Telegraph advanced 7\/8 to 43 3\/8 on 2.5 million shares . 
I read the exerpts of Wayne Angell 's exchange with a Gosbank representative ( `` Put the Soviet Economy on Golden Rails , '' editorial page , Oct. 5 ) with great interest , since the gold standard is one of my areas of research . 
The airline also named Mickey Foret as president . 
Ethyl Corp. reported that third-quarter net income fell 12 % from a year-earlier quarter helped by a gain from discontinued operations . 
CBS may cushion losses with about $ 200 million a year in interest earned on the proceeds from selling CBS Records and other businesses . 
Also , about 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with North or South Korean residents ' organizations , and donations by such foreign groups are illegal in Japan . 
Here in the Global Village , though , folks do not stay uninformed for long . 
The stepped-up administration warnings annoyed some lawmakers , especially senior Republicans who supported the bill because they thought the Transportation Department favored it . 
They increased the after-tax rate of return and made Britain a far more attractive place to invest , producing sudden capital inflows . 
The previous-year quarter included $ 16.1 million from businesses spun off as Tredegar Industries Inc . 
And unruly crowds at RJR Nabisco Inc. 's booth almost knocked over a glass showcase in the rush to get a free Camel cigarette sticker . 
On my four-mile drive to farm headquarters each morning , I drive by another four empty houses . 
He 's attacked the concept of `` building tenure , '' one of the most disgraceful institutions in American public schools . 
Added another U.K. analyst : `` It gives them some cash in the back pocket for when they want to do something . '' 
And federal insurance protected the bank 's 631,163 depositors . 
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp called on the Federal Reserve System to lower interest rates . 
Trading on little specific information , market players overnight in Tokyo began bidding up oil prices . 
In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index fell 148.85 points to 35378.44 . 
National Council on the Handicapped 
Mr. Bailey said he expects to name a new group president to head that operation following the Nov. 8 board meeting . 
Such a focus is `` more profitable , more efficient and gives us a greater sense of control , '' said William A. Shane , Mercury 's senior executive vice president . 
Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago , urged peace , negotiation and discipline . 
But , he adds , the constitution empowers the government to impose some controls , to mitigate the shortage of land . 
Viewers may not be cheering , either . 
Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts . 
The company has about 31 million ordinary shares outstanding . 
BankAmerica 's profit jumped 34 % in the third quarter . 
`` He is cornered , '' says the Rev. Fernando Guardia , who has led Catholic Church opposition against Noriega . 
Finding him became an obsession for Mr. Stoll . 
The Securities and Futures Commission , a government watchdog set up after the 1987 crash to try to restore confidence and order to Hong Kong 's markets , had been expected to give the contract conditional approval last week . 
Mr. Dinkins also has said he would receive economic advice from a board that would include American Express Co. chairman James D. Robinson III , investment banker Felix Rohatyn , leveraged-buy-out specialist Reginald Lewis and attorney Joseph Flom . 
Nikko 's Mr. Conlon fears a huge wave of Treasury borrowing early next month will drive down Treasury bond prices . 
The pillars of apartheid may be trembling in the rest of South Africa , with Johannesburg opening its public facilities to all races , blacks storming the all-white beaches of the Cape and the government releasing seven leaders of the banned African National Congress . 
Although management led a leveraged buy-out of R.H. Macy in July 1986 , the company still makes financial filings because of its publicly traded debt . 
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex-time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans . 
United 's directors voted themselves , and their spouses , lifetime access to the Friendly Skies -- free first-class travel , and $ 20,000 a year for life as well . 
The cars are sold under a separate franchise with its own sign in front of Lincoln-Mercury dealers -- as opposed to new models such as Taurus or Escort , which are sold under existing Ford divisions . 
A half-hour later , the woman is smiling and chatting ; the demon seems to have gone . 
HUGO 'S RAVAGES may be offset by immediate claims for tax refunds . 
It is easy to see why Baker , a free spirit who broke many of the restraints convention places on women , attracts Ms. Rose , the author of `` Parallel Lives , '' a wonderful study of Victorian marriage . 
`` The New York Stock Exchange has vested interests '' in its big member securities firms `` that cloud its objectivity , '' Mr. Timbers said . 
John Wetherell , a Lloyd 's underwriter , says he and his fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 50 % the premiums they should have charged for property risks from 1980 to 1985 . 
The Henderson plant will continue its other chemical operations , the company said . 
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size . 
Capital goods orders outside of the defense sector tumbled for the second month in a row , posting a 5.6 % drop after a 10.3 % decline . 
New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust -- 
The Marina also has become the focal point of city efforts to reunite residents with any pets that may have fled or become lost during the earthquake . 
Is the trouble over ? 
There is no recovery period -- it 's go , go , go . 
The office of foreign investment has authorized some $ 1.78 billion worth of investment proposals , said Edwin Perozo , superintendent of foreign investment . 
In August , rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages started creeping up a bit , but they inched down again through September . 
The horrific details are only now emerging from a painstakingly documented report , based on hundreds of interviews with randomly selected refugees . 
Under Chapter 7 , the assets of a company are sold off to pay creditors . 
Or call it the wave of the future . 
Congress 's ham-handed treatment of the existing structure of junk-bond holdings reminds us of a story in the Journal earlier this year about the Baby Bell companies ' desire to have the court-ordered bans lifted on offering information services . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
In practice , the director of central intelligence and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff also serve as unofficial members . 
And she has this inexhaustible energy . 
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor . 
Mr. Roman also brushed aside reports about infighting between him and Mr. Phillips , his successor at Ogilvy . 
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction , for example , was just 7.77 % . 
Installation of satellite dishes , TVs and videocassette equipment will cost the company about $ 20,000 per school , Mr. Whittle said . 
At its strongest , the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose more than a point , or more than $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Chamberlain Manufacturing Corp. won a $ 25.8 million Army contract for 155mm artillery shell casings . 
This month , HUD Secretary Jack Kemp unveiled a series of proposed reforms to improve management at HUD . 
Through Oct. 19 , high-yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) , according to Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
The most pressing problem was the suspension of options trading . 
Because of the early settlement , the Federal Reserve was unable to purchase bills for its system account . 
Meanwhile , orders are being routed through Kingsford Products unit in Louisville , Ky. , but computer problems mean they must be processed manually . 
Dollar : 141.45 yen , off 1.30 ; 1.8485 marks , off 0.0182 . 
The accord helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to 12 % . 
The number includes such unstylish burgs as , well , Oakland . 
St. Johns River Water Management District , Fla. -- $ 50,005,000 of land acquisition revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1990-2000 , 2003 , 2006 and 2009 , tentatively priced by a Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to about 7.03 % in 2003 . 
The charter would just have to be restricted to a list of workers ' fundamental rights , without seeking to impose any norms . 
That 's where the two scripts would diverge . 
The Office of Thrift Supervision banned B.J. Garman , a former director of the failed Vision Banc Savings Association of Kingsville , Texas , from working in any financial institution insured by the government . 
Add it all up and it means `` that the Fed has a little leeway to ease its credit policy stance without the risk of rekindling inflation , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist at Mellon Bank Corp. , Pittsburgh . 
Also , a cockpit warning system failed to alert the pilots the flaps and slats were not set for takeoff , the NTSB said . 
The settlement relates to four contracts negotiated from 1982 to 1985 , prosecutors said . 
At last report , Enfield had about 44.5 million shares outstanding . 
`` I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , '' said Kenneth Warren , a Conservative member of Parliament and chairman of the Select Committee on Trade and Industry in Britain 's House of Commons . 
The system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between Cray and Control Data Corp . 
The 4.52 % net interest margin , or the difference between the yield on a bank 's investments and the rate it pays for deposits and other borrowings , was still markedly higher than the 3.91 % ratio a year earlier , and is among the best in the industry , analysts said . 
We 'd get our asses kicked . '' 
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward-rate agreements that failed to envision an interest-rate environment where short-term rates were equal to or higher than long-term rates . 
I estimate that these mismeasurements as detailed by Martin N. Baily and Robert J. Gordon add a further 0.12 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate of real business product . 
Researchers say the inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes , alone or in combination , appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain , the skin , kidney , prostate , and cervix . 
It said the industry 's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter ; analysts say this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer . 
Two other firms , Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc. of Troy , Mich. , and Magnascreen Corp. of Pittsburgh are developing a variation of the flat-panel screens called active-matrix liquid crystal displays . 
The Qintex group 's problems began in earnest in March , when Mr. Skase agreed to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co . 
The holding of 13.6 million shares is up from a 6.7 % stake that Burmah announced SHV held as of last Monday . 
Also Jonathan Silvers , who collaborated with Mr. Hoffman on two books . 
THE SUPREME COURT ruling upholding Missouri 's restrictive abortion law was Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services . 
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health-care team when they get home . '' 
Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive ; Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality . 
They 're just as confused . '' 
Sen. Arlen Specter ( R. , Pa . ) urged acquittal of the judge in a brief circulated to his Senate colleagues during closed-door deliberations . 
Would I have done all those things successively if I did n't think he was the right guy ? '' Mr. Roman asked . 
Most zero-coupon CDs are in maturities of six to nine years , and they usually double in value by maturity . 
Revenue rose 8.3 % to $ 780 million from $ 720 million . 
While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia . 
Both have become confidants of President Bush . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 2 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 69 days ; 8.40 % 70 to 89 days ; 8.20 % 90 to 119 days ; 8.05 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.90 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
In its annual economic report for 1989-1990 , the commission also projected 1990 gross domestic product growth for the 12 EC members at 3 % . 
One way that money fund managers boost yields in a declining rate environment is by extending the maturities of their investments , so they can earn the current higher rates for a longer period . 
That 's a fundamental lesson for investors , but its truth was demonstrated once again in the performance of mutual funds during and after the stock market 's Friday-the-13th plunge . 
Some bourbon makers advertise abroad as they do at home . 
This trader characterized the recent price action as a contest between the fundamentalists , who see higher prices ahead , and the technicians , who are basically buying cotton toward the bottom of the current trading range , around 71 cents , and selling it when the price climbs more than 74 cents . 
But freshness counts more than it once did , and stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional , but tastier , and often pricier , apples . 
At the same time , William T. Archey , international vice president at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , notes : `` Clearly the stronger dollar has made imports more attractive '' by causing their prices to decline . 
Malaysia 's Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad sniffed , `` If everybody else puts out their left foot and you put out your right foot , you are out of step . '' 
The company said it expects to receive acceptances for its offer of 253 pence ( $ 4.05 ) per share representing at least 67 % of Ross Catherall 's issued share capital , or 12.7 million ordinary shares . 
Initial interest rate set at 0.375 point over three-month Libor . 
The agency has since acted to remove Alar from the nation 's grocery shelves by May 31 , 1991 , and the apple industry has said that growers already have stopped using the chemical . 
Portfolio B : Two-income couple , age 45 ; $ 150,000 portfolio . 
People in Glass houses tend to look stoned . 
The company , which has 13.8 million common shares outstanding , said in mid-June that it was considering a restructuring to ward off a hostile takeover attempt by two European shipping concerns . 
The modest sell-off , which started on Tuesday , continued . 
All prime-time fare will be on tape-delay because of time differences with Norway , so the results can be announced on the 6 o'clock news . 
`` This is virgin territory , unclaimed , and it 's going to be nasty , '' said one observer , who asked not to be named . 
So far the company had bought back 1.6 million shares . 
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group . 
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % . 
With inflation surging , the pound began falling against the mark . 
Each group controls more than 40 % of Rally 's stock . 
Adjusters who had been working on the East Coast say the insurer will still be processing claims from that storm through December . 
`` This technique is applicable to a wide variety of crops , '' he said , and added that some modifications may be necessary to accommodate the peculiarities of each type of crop . 
Another is expected from a consortium of oil and gas producers who won conditional approval this month from Canada 's National Energy Board to export about 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta gas to the U.S. starting in 1996 . 
`` Under any circumstances , Saudi Arabia should get more '' rather than less , Mr. Nazer said . 
For instance , franchisers no longer must pre-register sales to aspiring franchisees who qualify as `` sophisticated purchasers . '' 
The company said the plan , under review for some time , will protect shareholders against `` abusive takeover tactics . 
Mr. Pedroli notes that the GNP deflator , a measure of inflation , is expected to slow , which would give the Federal Reserve more room to ease key U.S. rates . 
The unit , which is the holding company for Esselte 's non-Swedish units , accounted for 58 % of sales and 71 % of operating profit last year . 
According to the study , slightly more than 34 % of those surveyed reported having at least one housing problem every year for which they had no legal help . 
Some of the same risks that were cited -- and seemingly ignored -- in dozens of previous junk offerings . 
It 's quite a fall from the early 1980s , when Kidder still was counted as an investment-banking powerhouse . 
In September , the number of jobless rose 0.1 % from the previous month to 2.5 million on a seasonally adjusted basis . 
`` The industry is overbuilt , '' he says . 
Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion . 
`` The legislature does not want to inhibit the unique government activities by exposing public entities to liability . '' 
`` You 'll see fewer gimmicks . '' 
The government directly owns 51.4 % and Factorex , a financial services company , holds 8.42 % . 
It now offers 30 regional editions , it very recently began running ads adjacent to articles , and it has been beefing up its sales force . 
It is backed by Government National Mortgage Association 9 1\/2 % securities with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29 years and being offered at market prices . 
Marvin Davis , whose $ 5.4 billion takeover bid originally put the nation 's second-largest airline in play , is limited by a standstill agreement with UAL he signed in September . 
The acquisition would give Wilmington , Del.-based Star States access to the Pennsylvania market . 
Newport officials did n't respond Friday to requests to discuss the changes at the company but earlier , Mr. Weekes had said Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team on the board . 
`` A lot more of our customers are staying until our 10 p.m. closing time , '' says Christopher Brown , managing director of Corney & Barrow Restaurants Ltd. , which runs five tony wine bars in the district . 
That 's just what Joseph Granville expects . 
Projecting the latter over several decades , I find my cash buildup is impressive -- but can any high interest rate prevail for that long ? 
In their quest to perfect apartheid , the Orange Workers have discovered a truth that most of privileged white South Africa tries mightily to deny : The master ca n't become dependent on the slave and expect to remain master forever . 
Ford said the term on its warranty is already six years or 60,000 miles . 
Fund selling also picked up at that point . 
Safety authorities did n't immediately know the cause of the blasts . 
Chase Manhattan Corp. , after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower Manhattan operations building , has exercised its option to purchase the 50-story office tower . 
The issue was oversubscribed and `` doing very well , '' according to an official with lead underwriter Morgan Stanley . 
Rumors of Soviet interest also pushed up the prices of soybean futures contracts . 
Indeed , Mr. Krenz said on East German television last night that there will be no sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
But healthy skepticism vanishes when they are solicited by an organized charity to help fight cancer , famine , child abuse , or what have you . 
`` Now , we realize what our mothers must have gone through , '' she says . 
ATARI CORP. , Sunnyvale , maker of personal computers and software , annual sales of $ 700 million , Amex , had minor damage and expects to be fully operational by tomorrow . 
Using Gnu-Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes . 
Outside investors , scarce since '86 , are edging back . 
By contrast , average dollar volume on the Big Board last year was $ 5.3 billion . 
For 1989 's first nine months , Capital Cities net income grew 23 % to $ 303.7 million , or $ 16.97 a share , from $ 246.9 million , or $ 14.43 a share . 
Kathie Huff , a respondent in the Journal survey from Spokane , Wash. , says her husband is adamant about eating only Hunt 's ketchup . 
Industry observers have congratulated Mr. Lang on what some call his `` courageous '' handling of Ms. , but his track record in magazine publishing in general has gotten mixed reviews . 
That would leave the Blackstone fund with a 60 % stake and Donaldson Lufkin with 15 % . 
He became angry in return . 
Also , at any of Sotheby 's auctions of old masters , roughly one-third to one-fifth of what is offered does n't sell at any price . 
Its buglike Carol minicar is `` designed with softness , gentleness and warmheartedness . '' 
Gargantuan sections of a double-decker freeway have been heaved about like plastic building blocks . 
-- Democratization . 
Meanwhile , President Bush stepped up his personal lobbying for the capital-gains tax cut . 
Murata expects sales at the unit of about 1.5 billion yen in the first year . 
Nearly three-fourths of the people who own home exercise equipment do n't use it as much as they planned , according to The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey . 
`` It was just before the Christmas holidays , and I figured we could use some extra cash . '' 
AVON RENT-A-CAR & TRUCK Corp. said it declared a dividend of one warrant for each three shares of common stock . 
The SEC will probably vote on the proposal early next year , he said . 
Christopher Smith ( R. , N.J. ) , a pro-life leader in the House , suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states . 
Million-dollar conferences were held to chew on subjects such as `` ethical responsibilities of scientists in support of disarmament '' and `` the impact of the activities of transnational corporations . '' 
The suit sets the firms ' liability at more than $ 185 million . 
`` That 's antithetical to the art of selling . '' 
`` Cincinnati Gas & Electric is in good shape , '' Mr. Taft said , and utilities are `` a good investment because interest rates are going down . '' 
Average daily volume in S&P 500 futures last year was 44,877 contracts . 
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft-drink markets in Pacific Basin countries . 
It was the first time anyone had showed that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead to the eruption of a cancer . 
They did n't . 
Net fell to $ 40.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share , from $ 60.7 million , or $ 2.32 a share , a year earlier . 
Timothy Vincent , Petco chief executive officer , confirmed that Petco was withdrawing from the clearing business . 
In the mid-1980s , after ABC had just bid a record $ 309 million for the 1988 Winter Games , he sniped at rivals for paying reckless prices . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which jumped 3\/8 point , or about $ 3.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount , during the first hour of trading , ended little changed . 
`` The main feature of the new organization is that each local manager will have both the authority and accountability for profitable and technically sound operations , '' said Charles E. Spruell , president of the Mobil unit . 
MTV used one to give away the house that rock star Jon Bon Jovi grew up in . 
An average 102.5 million common shares were outstanding in the latest quarter , up from 87.1 million . 
NCAA Executive Director Richard Schultz , in accepting a place on the Knight Commission , urged that the panel take a `` balanced '' view , which looks for all the world like a plea not to rock the boat too much , and the presidents ' recommendations could face considerable opposition at the NCAA 's full convention in January , which will vote on them . 
But it 's in very early stages still . '' 
Dealers also note that the general lack of enthusiasm for the yen has helped bolster the U.S. dollar . 
It added that it is apparent that any terms of a combination `` would be substantially less favorable than those previously announced . '' 
`` I do not have a view of whether we should do anything about program trading at this time , '' he said . 
In other markets : 
The leveraged buy-out group of GE Capital now reports to Mr. Carpenter . 
`` We want to complain , we want to say something about it , and we 're going to as it gets worse , '' says Rep. Dan Burton , an Indiana Republican who has been a staunch Contra backer . 
`` If you can use data to reconstruct what happened in the past , you have much more confidence in predictions for the future , '' said Lonnie Thompson , a research scientist at Ohio State who dug for and analyzed the ice samples . 
It had been due to expire Friday evening . 
Those creditors , whose claims are estimated at about $ 200 million , include doctors and hospitals . 
The average six-month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said . 
So every time a Bush official raises a doubt about Mr. Gorbachev , the Washington community shouts `` Cold War '' and `` timidity , '' and an administration spokesman is quickly trotted out to reply , `` Mr. Bush wants perestroika to succeed . '' 
It happened at Northrop Corp. in Los Angeles . 
Added Mr. Jacobson , `` There were some pretty bad losses in the stock . '' 
Some $ 380 million of the troubled assets is repossessed real estate , a 55.6 % surge from the $ 244.2 million of repossesed property HomeFed held a year ago . 
Going by official forecasts of GDP , which measures the colony 's output of goods and services , minus foreign income , Mr. Mushkat 's `` realists '' seem relatively close to the mark . 
Non-interest income fell slightly to $ 191.9 million from $ 193.3 million , while Wells Fargo continued to rigorously control non-interest expense , which was almost flat at $ 393.4 million . 
But everyone agrees that Mr. Gorbachev 's problems result from the failure of his own system . 
Settlements reached in the first nine months of 1989 called for wage increases averaging 3.7 % in the first contract year and 3.1 % annually over the life of the contracts , the department said . 
A recent indictment alleges that some floor brokers at the two largest Chicago commodity exchanges used market orders to fill customers ' orders at unfavorable prices by arranging trades with fellow brokers . 
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . '' 
Born in 1937 in a Baltic Sea town now part of Poland , he was eight years old when World War II ended . 
The walls of the church are covered with leaflets , news clippings , and handwritten notes associated with the country 's political opposition . 
Qintex Australia has n't disclosed its borrowings , but analysts estimate the company 's debt at A$ 1.2 billion . 
According to an analyst , Cuba ca n't meet all its shipment commitments and has asked Japan to accept a delay of shipments scheduled for later this year , into early next year . 
And the Winter Olympics will air during the February `` sweeps , '' when ratings are used to set ad rates for local stations . 
One airline executive , who declined to be identified , called the loss `` amazing . '' 
Mr. Breeden , not missing a chance to press his agenda , cited the earthquake . 
`` This is n't a political issue , this is a moral issue , '' said Rep. Henry Hyde ( R. , Ill. ) , the most eloquent spokesman for the anti-abortion movement . 
The farmer barges into the naczelnik 's office . 
In the SEC filing , the Kass-Pedone group said it intends to acquire additional H.H. Robertson shares `` with a view towards a possible change in control of the company . '' 
At the same time , Westinghouse hopes its venture with Mitsubishi will help fend off growing competition , particularly in the U.S. , from such European competitors as Asea Brown Boveri AG , Siemens AG , and British General Electric Co . 
On the chairman 's motion , the California package was subsequently reduced to less-binding report language , and even when this was accepted as such on a voice vote , Mr. Whitten pointedly opposed it . 
It needs to sort itself out . '' 
Some experts now predict Anheuser 's entry into the fray means near-term earnings trouble for all the industry players . 
The figures confirm that there certainly is n't any drilling boom . 
In addition , a planned two-part offering of $ 58 million in unsecured notes was n't offered . 
-- Marguerite Whitley May . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : ( Net Loss : 7 cents share ) vs. net income : 51 cents a share 
If anything , the gyrations in world stock markets -- and in B.A.T 's share price -- since last Friday 's sharp Wall Street sell-off have increased the likelihood of shareholder approval for the restructuring , analysts and several big institutional holders said . 
And the state 's delegation is fearful that the new funding will be counted against a separate $ 185 million in federal highway funds it would expect to receive under its normal allocation this year . 
Traders attributed the action in them largely to defensive positioning in a volatile market . 
Whitbread 's wine , spirits and soft-drink operations had trading profit of # 35.4 million on sales of # 315.5 million in the year ended Feb. 25 . 
Bonds : Excludes bond funds . 
Jaguar topped the most-active list for the U.S. over-the-counter market Monday . 
The Japanese company hired Richardson Nagy Martin , a Newport Beach , Calif. , architectural firm , to design what the Japanese press has dubbed `` the Beverly Hills of Tokyo . '' 
The company would n't disclose the buyer of the initial 16 % stake . 
HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , gold and general miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of power failures and lack of water , but that it may reopen today . 
Your Sept. 29 page-one story on the House-passed capital-gains plan is a good example . 
In addition , some of the proposals are so close , that non-financial issues such as timing may play a more important role . 
Debate on the legislation , which faces a veto threat from President Bush , is to continue today . 
And they did try . 
On Friday , during a visit to California to survey quake damage , President Bush promised to `` meet the federal government 's obligation '' to assist relief efforts . 
In the U.S. , the Hartford Courant has a facsimile edition and some other newspapers are considering the idea . 
Today 's agreement gives Control Data a machine to compete against Digital and other general-purpose computer makers , said John Logan , a computer-market analyst at Aberdeen Group Inc. of Boston . 
They are all priced at par . 
Usually , October `` is n't a very interesting month { for retail figures } because school clothes have been bought and people are waiting for December to buy Christmas presents , '' he said . 
When they halt trading , all market liquidity is gone . 
A typical British executive car is mass produced and smaller than a luxury car . 
Industry analysts in Europe said the most likely suitor for Saab now is Fiat . 
Thus , any machine that breaks large amounts of eggs at once has the potential to spread salmonella if a bad egg gets in with the good ones . 
Yesterday , Southam reported third-quarter earnings of C$ 10.8 million on revenue of C$ 395.4 million , down from C$ 14.6 million on revenue of C$ 389.6 million in the year-ago quarter . 
Some businesses -- like Disneyland -- claim that even if they became isolated in a crisis , they would be able to feed and care for their people for as long as five days . 
He does n't just walk off the mound and weep . '' 
But he does n't appear to be ready to make broad changes either . 
We may all hope that California 's voters will heed the scientific realities that their own university 's renowned Prof. Tom Jukes provides them and ignore the charlatanry profferred by their `` wealthy Hollywood weepers . '' 
`` The membership warehouse-club concept has great potential , '' the company 's chairman , Joseph E. Antonini , said in a statement . 
`` Buy stocks on weakness for their long-term fundamentals , '' he says . 
Then , a scientific team led by molecular geneticist Webster Cavenee , then at the University of Utah , found the answer . 
They also wanted to prevent a NATO training base being built in the region , he said . 
We would be delighted to have such a system in place today . 
`` They figure it 's not a very good advert . '' 
Not yesterday . 
Right now , Mr. Hulings is waving his racing program , cheering for Karnak on the Nile , a sleek thoroughbred galloping down the home stretch . 
According to a survey of some 2,400 large companies by the Japan Development Bank , expanded capacity is the goal of just 51.8 % of the outlays ; for manufacturers alone , the figure is 32 % . 
Consolidated Papers Inc. said it plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment and facilities . 
The total value of privately held assets is easily more than $ 15 trillion . 
Automated teller machine operations also were up and operating yesterday , a bank spokesman said . 
Sales rose 9.7 % to $ 351.5 million from $ 320.4 million . 
But the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style Mr. Andersson describes as `` being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar waiting for people to bring me ideas . '' 
This defensible commercial zone becomes , for the residents , a secure oasis in a barren urban landscape , evidence that community decay is not inevitable and that the gangs are not invincible . 
Senate Commerce Committee Chairman Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C. ) , who also chairs the Senate appropriations subcommittee for the department , attached $ 10 million for an advanced technology initiative , including work on high-definition television . 
Welcome to that welter of contradictions known as Newport Beach . 
The impact of the destruction of this 2.5-mile stretch of highway was tragically measured in lost lives . 
Though Judge Keenan threw out most of Mrs. Marcos 's objections , he agreed with one of her concerns : that turning over the foreign documents could violate the defendant 's constitutional right against self-incrimination . 
The government has charged that Mr. Lorin and Mr. Laff were part of a conspiracy to maintain the prices of certain stocks at artificially high prices . 
One of the seven reports presented here of excess heat production was given by Richard A. Oriani , professor of chemical engineering at the University of Minnesota . 
As reported last month , Mr. Kass said he was interested in making an offer to buy H.H. Robertson for $ 13 a share . 
Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench . 
Also unaltered : 12 cents for charitable activities and nine cents for medical and moving costs . 
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House . 
Scientists say the discovery of these genes in recent months is painting a new and startling picture of how cancer develops . 
Now , I revel in the freedom , culture , activity and diversity of this great metropolitan area with its traffic jams and perpetual road-building projects . 
The company said the latest quarter included about $ 3.4 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to McCaw Cellular Communications ' bid for the company and LIN 's merger pact with BellSouth . 
The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan and Brooklyn , N.Y. , and New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 . 
`` We think that it 's going to be far more favorable to own a station before the law is passed than to try to buy one afterward , '' Mr. Fiorini said . 
Alfred Zapfel , chief trader at Bank of Boston in Frankfurt , took an opposite stance . 
Double Check 
`` I think that you will see a significant improvement in the budget formulation and execution process which , in turn , I believe will result in a significant increase in revenue , '' he said . 
MCI , which stepped up efforts to sell long-distance telephone service to residential customers , reported a 59 % jump in earnings . 
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television . 
Mr. Morishita scoffs at those stories , as well as the ones connecting him to the Japanese mob . 
So Mr. Barrett , then vice president of the Alabama Steamship Association , took a steel-toothed garden rake and taped it to the underside of a leaf rake about nine inches up . 
South Korean consumers are expected to buy almost 500,000 passenger cars this year , up 60 % from 1988 . 
Ekco 's housewares operation makes kitchen tools and gadgets , as well as bakeware , at factories in the U.S. and Canada . 
a - Totals include only vehicle sales reported in the period . 
In its suit , the attorney general 's office alleges that brokers encouraged members of the treasurer 's office to engage in high-volume , high-risk transactions that benefited the brokers . 
Officials of the Resolution Trust Corp. have said privately that such a plan was the most likely alternative to raise short-term cash for the bailout . 
Great Northern 's stock soared $ 20.125 , to $ 62.875 , on speculation that a higher bid would emerge . 
He divorced his first wife three years ago and married the daughter of his court clerk . 
The acquisition boosted Black & Decker 's ratio of debt to total capital to more than 80 % . 
`` We caught him with his hands on our cookie jar , '' says former CIA Director Stansfield Turner . 
Lawrence Insurance also sold 3.2 million of its shares for $ 7.125 each to its parent , Lawrence Group Inc . 
Any hiring is confined to retail sales . 
Yesterday , Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. said it postponed a $ 220 million senior subordinated debenture offering by York International Corp . 
But how much will shoppers benefit ? 
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . '' 
Prices of high-yield , high-risk corporate securities ended unchanged . 
He said the Chaos Computer Club , of West Germany , once managed to invade SPAN and do such things as change the value of pi , messing up some calculations . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Lupel anticipates no legal action to reverse the Illinois Supreme Court 's decision to institute the changes . 
Chivas Class is n't the first such promotion . 
Instead , the GAO and the Congressional Budget Office said , the RTC should consider using Treasury debt , which is less expensive and subject to oversight by Congress . 
`` Whoever says he knows which of the six will win is out of his mind , '' says Antonio Britto , a centrist member of Parliament . 
CAE Industries Ltd. said its Link Flight Simulation division was awarded a contract by the U.S. Army for two helicopter simulators , which the company valued at as much as 37 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 31.5 million ) . 
For the leadership , that was too painful to bear . '' 
Jack Davis , Dataproducts ' chairman , said he had n't yet seen the filing and could n't comment . 
The days may be numbered for animated shows featuring Alf , the Karate Kid and the Chipmunks . 
Mr. Renzas , among others , said the quake will prod companies in certain industries , like semiconductors , computers and aerospace , to consider moving operations that involve particularly sensitive machinery to locations outside California . 
`` The crucial thing is that we learn our lesson well , and to make sure other experimental drugs , like Bristol-Myers Co. 's DDI , do n't follow the same frustrating course as AZT . '' 
The ARCO memo urges employees to keep certain supplies at work , such as solid shoes and `` heavy gloves to clear debris . '' 
TW is the largest franchisee of Hardee 's , a fast-food restaurant , and operates several other food chains . 
But so far , he declares , there 's little evidence the `` new urgency '' is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring . 
Mrs. Thi says Hochiminh City Food last year increased pretax profit 60 % to the equivalent of about $ 2.7 million on sales of $ 150 million . 
Contrary to some opinions , the trading activities of specialists and other market makers do not provide liquidity to the market as a whole . 
A more blue-collar panel became a second aim . 
The calls reached many , but certainly not all , of the publicly held companies with operations in the area . 
A case in point : `` government-plus '' bond funds . 
Savings and loans reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites , the Office of Thrift Supervision said . 
Then it had a series of smaller glitches , including problems manufacturing certain personal computers and the delay in the announcement of some important workstations . 
Are the hats merely part of her new L.A. persona , along with the many ultra-thin Capri cigarettes she smokes , the parties she throws for 500 people , the Chekovian feasts she offers guests at her weekend place in Santa Barbara ? 
Wilfred American Educational Corp. said a federal grand jury in Boston indicted the operator of cosmetology and business schools for mail fraud . 
Was 300 ft. out on a pier in San Rafael . 
Perhaps even the American apologists will now accede . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
But the ever-changing laws are usually so complicated and confusing that `` you need professionals to help you ; you ca n't do it yourself , '' he adds . 
Mr. Bush himself essentially acknowledged that he and his aides were trying to head off criticism . 
While some automotive programs have been delayed , they have n't been canceled . '' 
Mr. Pilson 's rivals at ABC and NBC grimaced at the price . 
`` We always heard about the earthquake , but as children we did n't always listen . 
Tomoshige Kakita , senior deputy manager in the treasury department of Mitsui Bank Ltd. in Tokyo , suggested that uncertainty about U.S. stocks and bonds has made Japanese investors leery of holding those securities in the near term , thus damping dollar demand . 
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink . 
Others had lesser damage and there were no injuries among workers . 
`` The ` r ' word is looming again , '' says one dealer , referring to persistent concern among some market analysts that the U.S. economy is heading toward a major slowdown if not a recession . 
Only CDs sold by major brokerage firms posted significant increases in average yields in the latest week , reflecting increased yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction . 
Try as they might , they just ca n't conceive of life without black workers . 
The `` Major Events '' strategy , Mr. Pilson says , is designed to notch a place for CBS on the crowded TV dial of the 1990s . 
Still , Hugo 's impact may revive unsuccessful proposals to give local governments authority to levy sales taxes . 
Moreover , P&G shifted its ad campaign from one targeting older women to one featuring a woman in her mid-30s vowing `` not to grow old gracefully . '' 
Mike Huber , a roustabout , is even making it in his new career as an entrepreneur . 
His recommendation was rejected by the government . 
Administration officials defend Mr. Bush 's decision to make the trip . 
`` The pilot program was received well ( by teachers and students ) , but there was n't reason enough to sign up . 
On top of all this , foreign-debt repayments are expected to peak in 1991 to 1992 . 
Nor did they return his house and contents , which he values at about $ 44,000 . 
Capital flight is reported to be strong . 
The shutdown affects 3,000 workers and will cut output by about 4,320 cars . 
( About 7.5 % of Picop is publicly traded and other shareholders own the rest of the equity . ) 
Manufacturers Hanover had a loss due to a big reserve addition . 
The Justice Department rejected the implication that its prosecutors are currently more willing to plea bargain . 
Mr. Azoff has n't named the company yet , but any records it produces will be distributed by Warner . 
Other lenders have been recovering only 50 cents to 60 cents on the dollar on foreclosed Arizona property , if they can sell it at all . 
In doing so , he neither rejected a socialist planned economy nor embraced the free market . 
The only material support it is extending to the struggling U.S. industry is $ 30 million in awards from the Pentagon 's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency . 
The bill would `` divert scarce resources of the commission away from broker-dealers into areas which simply have no way of affecting broker-dealers , '' Mr. Raoul-Duval said . 
Like just about everything else , that remains to be seen . 
Sales of health-care products increased 6 % in the third quarter , based in part on strong sales of prescription drugs such as Premarin , an estrogen-replacement drug , and sales of the company 's infant formula . 
Mr. Phelan has been viewed by many exchange members as being indifferent to stock-price swings caused by program trades . 
The passwords are included in the system software when it is installed but are supposed to be replaced as soon as the system is up and running . 
The Chinese can not be seen to have made use of the Khmer Rouge and then discard them . '' 
The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring McCall 's , Golf World ( U.S. ) and Sailing World magazines ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship newspaper . 
He did n't name energy resources in that list , signaling that all the company 's coal and oil interests might be for sale in total or in part . 
Safeco fell 1\/8 to 32 5\/8 on 462,900 shares . 
This has led them in a fruitless and destructive policy circle . 
Taming the union complements previous moves by the government to attract private investment in petrochemicals , which Mexico has been forced to import in large quantities in recent years . 
`` It 's become a day-by-day business , '' he says . 
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power . 
`` Every year we 've been waiting for stepped-up expansion from the company . 
M.B.A. candidates at the University of Pittsburgh earn up to $ 15 an hour on marketing or computer projects . 
The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share . 
Former President Richard Nixon is to visit China at the invitation of the government beginning Saturday , the Foreign Ministry announced . 
He also launched a kingside storm , sacrificing a pawn to denude D.T. 's king . 
Beyond that , Prospect said it would n't offer to acquire additional shares for less than $ 11.25 a share during the next year or less than $ 14.06 a share during the subsequent two years . 
Mr. Courter is further hobbled by a record of votes opposed to government regulation on behalf of consumers . 
Her dismissal angered many in the regional theater establishment and led Peter Zeisler , head of Theatre Communications Group , to write an editorial in American Theatre magazine condemning the board . 
Traders said municipals were underpinned by influences including the climb in Treasury issue prices . 
`` Developments like this are hard to predict . 
Yet at the moment they are the judges who are making the law . 
Dissident playwright Vaclav Havel reportedly escaped the crackdown , the fourth against activists in recent days . 
On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , `` What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists and the only ones in Asia or in Southeast Asia . 
The five astronauts returned to Earth about three hours early because high winds had been predicted at the landing site . 
In the year-earlier period , the company had net of $ 77.2 million , or $ 3.68 a share , and a tax credit of $ 7.7 million . 
Last year 's appeals court decision , for instance , spawned several suits , reportedly including a recent action by the heirs of singer Bobby Darin against McDonald 's Corp. over its `` Mac Tonight '' TV commercials , a rough parody of Mr. Darin 's `` Mack the Knife '' trademark . 
Earlier this month , IMA said it had received about $ 1 billion of senior debt financing from Chemical Bank and six other banks ; Chemical Bank said it was `` highly confident '' it could arrange the balance of about $ 509 million . 
I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the dogs . 
`` But we should n't leave out political reasons , number one . 
Some scenes : -- Saturday morning , a resident was given 15 minutes to scurry into a sagging building and reclaim what she could of her life 's possessions . 
`` All this may not be obvious to the public , which is concerned about advances in treatment , but I am convinced this basic research will begin showing results there soon . '' 
Chairman and CEO Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. Owings Mills , Md . 
In many other institutions , scientists are shunning contacts with venture investors until the NIH policy is settled . 
Maybe she could step across the plaza to the Met -- where she has still to make her debut -- and help out her Czech compatriot by singing the slow parts of `` Traviata . '' 
He is under intense fire from other Palestinian groups ; Syria is pushing Ahmad Jibril , whose terrorist band is blamed for the Pan Am 103 bombing , as an alternative to Arafat . 
Expenses in the quarter dropped 11.2 % to $ 664.3 million from $ 747.7 million a year ago . 
The Rafale project is the result of France 's inability jointly to develop a plane with other countries , and French officials question whether the state can continue paying for expensive independent programs . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines and Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $ 22 million , and UAL gave him a $ 15 million bonus when it hired him . 
Last year , Hochiminh City Food says it bought two million metric tons of unhusked rice , more than 10 % of the country 's output . 
TED BUNDY'S LAWYERS switch to victims ' side in death-sentence case . 
Algeria also wants to build a pipeline through Morocco and across the Strait of Gibraltar to supply Spain , France and West Germany with up to 15 billion cubic meters a year by the late 1990s . 
Maybe Mr. Z. was too busy taming his set to work with his naturally ungainly Alfredo . 
The board 's decision , announced after the market closed Monday , initially prompted a severe sell-off in UAL shares , which at midday traded as low as $ 145 a share , down $ 33 a share , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Sources : Lipper Analytical Services Inc. ; Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
At the Stick , while the world shook , I thought of that morning and then it struck me that this time was different . 
The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : $ 15.6 billion three-month and six-month bills . 
`` This time though , '' he says , `` I think we got it . '' 
Also , investors quickly singled out stocks of companies expected to profit or suffer from the disaster . 
There are also indications that the number of magazine entrepreneurs , traditionally depended upon to break new ground with potentially risky start-ups , are dwindling . 
Under the originally contemplated terms of the offering , the notes would have been reset annually at a fixed spread above Treasurys . 
Some analysts said the restructuring of the railroad concern 's issue shows how tough it is for underwriters to sell even the junk bonds of a company considered to be a relatively good credit risk . 
Wang 's customers are data processing managers who want to be sure that their suppliers are stable , wellrun companies that will be around to fix bugs and upgrade computers for years to come . 
After thoroughly digesting reams of information , he often concludes that more data are needed , and when he finally decides to act , his movements sometimes seem excrutiatingly small . 
In a first step , Dresdner Bank will buy 32.99 % of BIP for 1,015 French francs ( $ 162 ) a share , or 528 million francs ( $ 84.7 million ) . 
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government . 
White-haired Pedro Ramos , at 54 the league 's oldest player and a pitcher-coach with the Suns , has lost even more speed . 
There are $ 12,915,000 of 7 % term certificates due 2007 , priced to yield 7.15 % . 
`` The time is long overdue to take a look at the fierce competition in the long-distance business and the rules governing it , '' the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement . 
Dale Lang , who this week completed the acquisition of the publisher of Ms. and Sassy , is candid about the challenge he is taking on . 
It already has allowed the closely watched federal funds rate to decline 1\/4 percentage point to about 8 3\/4 % from its previous target level of about 9 % . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
`` Under the banner that proclaims the ` renewal of socialism , ' '' he said , `` forces are at work that are striving to eliminate socialism . '' 
The debt issues involved and the proposed consent fees and cash tender offer prices ( expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount ) are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % . 
Mr. Paul has been characterized as `` the Great Gatsby or something , '' complains Karen E. Brinkman , an executive vice president of CenTrust . 
When Mr. Trump sued Bally , he sued only on behalf of himself . 
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks . 
`` If a salesman jeopardizes his credibility in this time of trouble , it will be a problem for the long run , '' says George Palmatier , a Minden , Nev. , sales consultant and author of `` The Marketing Edge . '' 
Thomas A. Donovan , 37 years old , formerly vice president , West Coast operations , at this hazardous-waste-site remediation concern , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer , both newly created posts , and a director , filling a vacancy . 
Separately , Chrysler said it will idle for four weeks the St. Louis assembly plant that builds the Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models . 
But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion . 
Separately , Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee said he did n't want the capital-gains tax cut or any other amendments attached to the pending bill raising the federal borrowing limit . 
Daniel James President Mexico-United States Institute 
`` It 's important to gain leadership , '' a Toshiba spokesman says . 
Many of the buildings , mostly condominiums and apartments , were flattened almost instantly as the underlying soil -- much of it landfill -- was literally turned to ooze by the quake 's intensive shaking , rupturing gas lines . 
Rally 's also said it formed a committee of three directors , who are n't associated with either the Patterson or Sugarman groups , to analyze the situation . 
Paribas already holds about 18.7 % of Navigation Mixte , and the acquisition of the additional 48 % would cost it about 11 billion francs under its current bid . 
In England , this would mean that the British Deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of GM 's Vauxhill unit . 
`` A key part of the question is , how soon does this disk-drive come and how soon does production ramp up ? '' said Steve Cohen at SoundView Financial Group . 
The Reichmanns and Mr. Zell , the largest holders of Santa Fe Pacific stock , have been looking for ways to raise the value of their investments , including possible spinoffs . 
It currently costs $ 750 , though Mr. Sinyard thinks the price can be reduced within three years to between $ 200 and $ 250 . 
The big questions are whether the increase , effective Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit . 
( Mr. Quennell has said he plans to go with the grid , regardless . ) 
You do n't hear much about unusual concentrations of fraud in Green Bay or Buffalo . 
Consumers , credit cards in hand , are n't running amok through the shopping malls -- or putting the economy at any great risk . 
Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in antitrust , real estate and mergers and acquisitions . 
Indeed , the government is taking a calculated risk . 
Still , the restructuring could create one of the most powerful alliances between advertising and media-buying firms that Europe has seen . 
Dr. Levy 's answer may come with a new kind of magnetic brain probe , a device that he and dozens of U.S. researchers are studying with great hope . 
Mr. Bush had threatened a veto previously . 
The company will modify one UH-60A Blackhawk transport helicopter to the prototype MH-60K configuration for use by military special forces . 
Jamie Kellner , president of Fox Broadcasting , said , `` We believe the partnership of Fox , its affiliates and advertisers is succeeding and will continue to grow . '' 
Shearson Lehman Hutton declined to comment . 
Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said would be used for acquisitions and other general corporate purposes . 
This includes $ 4.6 billion of long-term debt , $ 457.5 million in short-term debt , and $ 95.7 million of the current portion of long-term debt . 
Even companies in smokestack industries wrestling with world-wide overcapacity are joining the boom . 
Aidan Quinn , Brian Dennehy and Stockard Channing are excellent in this gripping tale of a reluctant witness in an organized crime prosecution . 
The Philippine merchandise trade deficit widened to $ 1.71 billion during the first eight months of 1989 from $ 807 million a year earlier . 
`` Peter is a major piece of Hollywood manpower who has really earned his success , '' says Robert Bookman , an agent at Creative Artists Agency . 
The usual problem with including communists in `` interim '' coalition governments is that their ideology and methods require they squeeze out everyone else . 
The bond issue is TVA 's first public offering since the Financing Bank was created in 1974 , primarily to finance the TVA . 
BART has increased service to 24 hours a day in preparation for the onslaught . 
The bonds have received a rating of double-A-1 from Moody 's , and a double-A-plus rating is expected from S&P , the underwriter said . 
Canada 's export effort has been blunted by robust home market demand and by an 18 % appreciation of the Canadian dollar against its U.S. counterpart in the past three years that has made Canadian goods more costly in the U.S. . 
`` It 's too soon to tell ... but people do n't seem to be unhappy with it , '' he said . 
The new holding company , Webster\/Eagle Bancorp Inc. , will have about $ 1.2 billion of assets and 19 banking offices in Connecticut . 
Some results are self-explanatory . 
Late in the day , Mr. Wolf issued a onepage statement calling Mr. Peterpaul 's blast `` divisive and uncalled for . '' 
Last year 's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15 % surge in lending to individuals and small and medium-sized companies . 
Bailiffs claimed they were required to chauffeur him to and from work , mow his lawn , chop his wood , fix his car and even drop by his house to feed his two grown mutts , Dixie and Husky . 
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Ethiopian politics are the most sophisticated , secretive and Byzantine in all of black Africa . 
All are non-Russian republics along the southern border of the Soviet Union , and all but Kirgizia have reported rioting in the past six months . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , announced it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , and Merrill Lynch & Co. pulled out of the practice altogether . 
IBM said it expects industrywide efforts to become prevalent because semiconductor manufacturing has become so expensive . 
Market makers , to cut costs , slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders are n't selling . 
He added that Olivetti will continue making its LSX minicomputer line . 
But after restructuring under new management , the profits began rolling in . 
Current rules permit investors to put up less cash for futures than for stocks . 
Coca-Cola climbed 1 3\/8 to 72 1\/8 ; McDonald 's added 1 to 31 3\/8 , and Procter & Gamble gained 3\/4 to 130 5\/8 . 
Years later , with cash from the sale of the insurance company , he founded Arkoma Production Corp. , an oil and gas exploration company based in Little Rock . 
White House spokesmen last week said Mr. Bush is considering simply declaring that the Constitution gives him the power , exercising a line-item veto and inviting a court challenge to decide whether he has the right . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Homestake closed at $ 15.25 , down 25 cents . 
Once again , your editorial page misstates the law to conform to your almost beatific misperceptions . 
The issue was rated single-B-2 by Moody 's and single-B by S&P . 
1:00 a.m . 
And by late Friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take . 
It was the first time in 20 years that such government bills were defeated . 
By and large , these efforts have borne fruit . 
A heavy dose of cash is prescribed , along with a heavier-than-usual allotment to bonds -- preferably government bonds . 
Both groups cling to traditional face-to-face dealings , even for routine policies . 
Despite some early computer-guided program buying , the Nasdaq composite fell 1.39 to 451.37 . 
In addition , once money is raised , investors usually have no way of knowing how it is spent . 
Yvon Bussieres was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Provigo , a new position . 
The supporting lineup is solid , the patter is amusing and there 's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls , the `` good cop '' of previous Chandler books who still does n't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes . 
`` Two or three years ago , the problem was that people did n't understand the prepayment risk , '' says Nomura 's Mr. Kato . 
The year-on-year rise in August was slightly down from the 6.4 % rate in July . 
In addition , each note can be converted into Blockbuster Entertainment common stock at a rate of 13.851 shares per note . 
Not all those who wrote oppose the changes . 
At the auction of six-month U.S. Treasury bills on Monday , the average yield fell to 7.61 % from 7.82 % . 
Some junk-holders are said to be considering legal action against KKR or moves to force SCI TV into bankruptcy court . 
You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was and is and will continue to be for months and even years -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million . 
This ministry has done nothing to correct the misunderstandings and misperceptions that are at the root of Japan 's deteriorating image . 
British government bonds ended slightly higher in quiet trading as investors looked ahead to today 's British trade report . 
Football has long been Mr. Jones 's passion , both on and off the field . 
The state agency 's figures confirm previous estimates and leave the index at 178.9 , up from 178.5 in August and 173.1 a year earlier . 
The 1989 act simply extends these guarantees to the private sector . 
Similarly , visual images will be more vivid , sensational and , sometimes , gruesome . 
According to the state department of finance , a one-penny increase in the state 's six-cent per dollar sales tax could raise $ 3 billion . 
Brooks Brothers says business is robust at its 30 outlets in Japan and two shops in Hong Kong . 
An Air Inter spokesman said , `` Because they { the EC } have doubts , we will work again on the text and the contents of the accord . 
Citizens , based in Atlanta , said it has about $ 4.6 billion in factored sales annually ; the Security Pacific unit has about $ 1.8 billion annually . 
Within 10 minutes after an 11:13 a.m. trading halt in UAL , parent of United Airlines , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged nearly 27 points to a 60.25-point deficit . 
Frank Carlucci III was named to this telecommunications company 's board , filling the vacancy created by the death of William Sobey last May . 
Which types of stocks are most likely to qualify ? 
Among takeover stocks , Jefferson Smurfit jumped 1 1\/4 to 42 1\/2 after SIBV-MS Holdings said the price to be paid to Jefferson Smurfit 's minority holders has been raised to $ 43 a share . 
Since last April , the investor has made seven so-called 13D filings in USAir , as he bought and sold the company 's stock . 
Parker Hannifin Corp. said it agreed to sell its three automotive parts divisions to a management-led investor group for $ 80 million . 
Mr. Jacobson , his gray hair flying , did n't wear out his red-white-and-blue sneakers , but he sweat so much he considered sending out for a new shirt . 
But , as Judge Kozinski noted , the context shows that Mr. Masson 's `` me alone '' remark referred not to his alleged pre-eminence in his profession but to the fact that his position on a particular issue was not shared by anyone else . 
But those would require pilots ' cooperation . 
Detrex Corp. said a reserve it is establishing to cover expected pollution cleanup costs at an Ohio plant reduced its third-quarter net income by $ 1.9 million . 
Traders are already buckling their seat belts . 
Results for the latest quarter include nonoperating items of $ 23.9 million , versus $ 8.4 million a year earlier . 
In addition , mutual funds did n't appear to be major sellers of high-yield securities as was expected . 
Company officials said later that British Airways believes its involvement in the UAL buy-out ended last Friday when the buy-out group , which also includes UAL 's management and pilot union , failed to obtain financing for the $ 6.79 billion transaction . 
Earnings for the group declined to $ 11 million from $ 33 million last year . 
`` Who knows , '' he says , `` if he heard that soybeans make money today , he might be flying out to Chicago tomorrow . 
So despite Wall Street 's rosy talk of quickly `` maximizing values , '' holders could be in for a long wait . 
Northeast Utilities ' plan proposes 5.5 % annual increases . 
Mitsubishi Corp . Finance ( Japanese parent ) -- 
Richard Carrion , who is currently president and chief executive officer of Banco Popular , said the merger will result in a `` larger and stronger locally based bank . '' 
However , since these centers appear to pay for themselves , there is nothing to prevent state and local governments from enacting legislation with similar provisions . 
Now he has settled into a career that fits the bill -- financial planning . 
Rep. Hamilton said the bill will be modified substantially to call for two meetings each year between the Fed 's open market committee and the Treasury Secretary , the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and the director of the Office of Management and Budget . 
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday . 
In recent months , California 's Transportation Department has been recruiting in Pennsylvania , Arizona and Texas for engineers experienced in road and bridge design . 
( The lower house 's five-year term expires in January ; the Parliament 's upper house is appointed . ) 
Among other things , Innopac is involved in recycling polystyrene foam products that are often used by fast food chains , such as McDonald 's Corp. , for food packaging . 
Vice President 
Quebecor will own 57.5 % of the new subsidiary . 
It just means that Hong Kong would become a less exciting place . '' 
Such efforts -- unheard of only a few years ago -- are the latest attempts to revive the sagging $ 1.76 billion U.S. ski industry . 
`` There certainly has n't been a panic reaction , '' said Steven Norwitz , a vice president at T. Rowe Price Associates . 
Some of it was due to lower-than-expected earnings from leading companies , he said . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange fined and suspended two commodities traders accused of making prearranged trades with each other that allegedly cheated a customer . 
Aegon N.V . ( Netherlands ) -- 
The high-tech industry is full of the kind of arrangement that the new guidelines would affect . 
He believes those defenses might well apply to the Bay Bridge collapse . 
But even those who have found a way to cope with the imports and the slump , fear that furs are losing part of their allure . 
The State Bank 's move is part of a drive to iron out exchange-rate discrepancies as Moscow moves toward making the ruble convertible -- a goal that Soviet bankers and economists say is still far away . 
Surrounded by stacks of paper , two computers and photos of himself boating and flying , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency . 
But most of those stocks fared well . 
We 're talking real money . 
At a recent meeting of manufacturing executives , `` everybody I talked with was very positive , '' he says . 
There are , of course , analysts who view the near-panic that briefly swept through investors on Oct. 13 and again on Oct. 24 as momentary lapses of good judgment that have only temporarily undermined a healthy stock market . 
It rose more than the New York Stock Exchange Composite , which improved 0.2 % . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.38 % 30 days ; 8.28 % 60 days ; 8.23 % 90 days ; 8.13 % 120 days ; 8.03 % 150 days ; 7.93 % 180 days . 
Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between Boeing Co. and the Machinists union apparently failed , and no further meetings are scheduled . 
Craig Torres contributed to this article . 
Several of the New York Stock Exchange 's own listed companies , led by giant Contel Corp. , are joining for the first time to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the 2.5 % pace `` good , solid growth , '' although he said he expects the expansion to slow in the fourth quarter . 
The company said its Union Pacific Railroad had a 3 % profit increase , despite a 14 % rise in fuel costs and a 4 % drop in car loadings . 
The move will help the bank to keep up with international solvency ratios being phased in by the Bank for International Settlements and will also represent the first time that its voting shares have been held by a party other than the government . 
Discouragement feeds on itself . 
Dunkin ' Donuts Chairman and Chief Executive Robert M. Rosenberg said `` a sale is one alternative being considered , '' but he added the board has n't decided whether to sell the doughnut franchiser . 
This means the returns can vary a great deal . 
The room in question is the directors ' lounge of H.J. Heinz Co. , 60 floors above the bustle of Pittsburgh . 
It is the presence of internal and external `` enemies '' which justifies the need for a large , active army that Mikhail Gorbachev 's Soviet Union continues to supply with bullets . 
Ferembal has 930 workers at four canning manufacturing plants and one plastic container facility . 
Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder . 
A spokesman for the Comex could n't be reached to comment . 
Peter Drake , biotechnology analyst for Vector Securities International , Chicago , thinks market uncertainty may encourage small companies to form more strategic alliances with big corporations . 
`` It was one of the quickest changes in public attitudes I 've ever seen , '' says former Reagan pollster Richard Wirthlin . 
Much has been accomplished and public opinion decisively supports the government and the army -- but , on the other hand , none of the key drug barons have been captured . 
But several traders quickly stepped up and bid for contracts , driving prices sharply higher . 
The package was brought to the House just 15 days after it was introduced , indicating Congress 's eagerness to reward Poland and Hungary for their moves toward democracy and freemarket economic reforms . 
The peril of unlimited liability looms large for a number of them now . 
Although the current management team may be outstanding , who will be the CEO in 10 years ? 
For the year , net income tumbled 61 % to $ 86 million , or $ 1.55 a share . 
Mr. Francois-Poncet responded that his group initially intended to take only a minority stake , striking an alliance with current management . 
The results include $ 106 million of tax benefits associated with previous years ' Third World loan activity , compared with $ 15 million a year earlier . 
`` The impression I 've got is they 'd love to do away with it { program trading } , but they { the exchange } ca n't do it , '' he said . 
The Justice Department indicated a possible challenge to a court order allowing former National Security Adviser Poindexter to subpoena ex-President Reagan 's personal papers for use in the defense case against Iran-Contra charges . 
More than 400 traders jammed the S&P 500 futures pit to await the opening bell . 
Combined with at least some rebound in exports after August 's unexpected decline , the deficit could narrow to as little as # 1.3 billion . 
In recent contract negotiations with Pemex management , Mr. Guzman Cabrera accepted major concessions that greatly curtail the union 's role in subcontracting , long a source of millions of dollars in illicit earnings . 
He waits to talk about it until after he gets caught . '' 
Mr. Maxwell said unless the company can start shipments of the new product sometime this quarter , the fourth-quarter loss is likely to be `` comparable to the third quarter 's . '' 
The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association , a Lexington , Ky.-based trade group , has launched `` seminars '' for `` potential investors '' at race tracks around the country . 
Joseph P. Jordan , 52 years old , becomes president , chief executive officer and a director of the bank company . 
With $ 500 apiece and an injection of outside capital , they formed Genentech Inc . 
The revival of the real estate mortgage investment conduit market reflected the relative calm in the mortgage market after two days of volatile trading . 
But starting in early September , the index started to slide and now stands about even with the S&P 500 . 
And the stock market 's recent gyrations are a painful reminder of the dangers there . 
Lloyd 's , once a pillar of the world insurance market , is being shaken to its very foundation . 
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant . 
DIET COKE : 
They succeed Robert W. Kasten and John R. Parker , who reached the mandatory retirement age . 
A Chemical spokeswoman said the second-quarter charge was `` not material '' and that no personnel changes were made as a result . 
A major goal is to cut the working week to 35 hours from the present 37 . 
Enfield is a holding company with interests in manufacturing concerns . 
Companies that piled on debt in leveraged buy-outs during the past two years `` will continue to surface as business problems . '' 
However , the trust 's cash flow from investments is far short of its payments to asbestos victims . 
Upjohn is a world-wide provider of health-care products and services , seeds and speciality chemicals . 
But because the growth of the German economy has been stronger than expected , Mr. Mulford said , it 's difficult for the U.S. to argue that Germany ought to adopt more stimulative monetary and fiscal policies . 
Senate Democrats favoring a cut in the capital-gains tax have decided , under pressure from their leaders , not to offer their own proposal , placing another obstacle in the path of President Bush 's legislative priority . 
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new-generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate-of-need law . 
Despite the Orange Workers ' intention to put them all out of work , they are in no hurry to leave . 
General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division , reacting to slow sales , said it will offer $ 800 rebates on its 1990 Beretta , the two-door version of its core compact-car line . 
It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club , but like the first half , much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable . 
Georgia Gulf , another producer of commodity chemicals , advanced 2 to 49 1\/2 ; Dallas investor Harold Simmons , who holds about 10 % of its shares , said he has n't raised his stake . 
Some casino owners have resisted the temptation to add rooms . 
The less-than-robust third-quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer-aided program trading . 
In making cases , the authorities frequently zero in on alleged misrepresentations made by the charities ' fund raisers . 
Paul Fireman , Reebok chairman and chief executive officer , said , `` Our gains in earnings provide further evidence that the controls we have put in place and our sales mix are continuing to improve the company 's overall profit performance . '' 
He also noticed that foreign makers were introducing many variations on the traditional fur , and he decided to follow suit . 
`` Attention is fixed on the stock market for lack of anything else to sink our teeth into , '' said Robert White , a vice president at First Interstate of California . 
`` We believe that the vast majority of imported material is safe . 
`` She just wiggled her fanny and all the French fell in love with her , '' sniffed the literary world 's Maria Jolas , not entirely inaccurately . 
A survey of small businesses there was conducted this spring by Interface , a policy research organization . 
With the exception of van conversions , the industry has seen a decline from 1988 's robust sales . 
You do n't know which way to punch . 
The company rejected those past proposals . 
Termination means that the agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities and pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans , but workers do n't accrue new benefits . 
Though Sassy has grown quickly since its debut in March 1988 , it has been the target of conservative lobbyists and skittish advertisers who bristled at its frank editorial matter on teen-age problems . 
The cafeteria remains closed . 
The city 's recovery from the earthquake was uneven . 
The revised LIN-BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders . 
The former comes from the latest wave of political activism in Hollywood , especially around feminist issues such as abortion . 
The Western government report 's first scenario assumes a 30 % reduction in foreign borrowing and a 5 % contraction in foreign direct investment . 
And the world could experience its first psyllium shortage . 
The lumber , insulation and fireproofing concern said the transaction , which includes a swap of other timber interests , would result in a $ 13.5 million after-tax gain , to be recorded in the fourth quarter . 
The earlier use of incentives depleted the market of `` scavengers '' for bargain-basement 1989 cars , he said . 
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse . 
Mr. Baker interviewed or wrote to hundreds of catfish farmers , live-haulers and processors throughout the South before coming up with detailed estimates of purchases and sales , in pounds and dollars , by Mr. Tharp and others . 
`` The import pie will shrink , '' says John Kamm , first vice president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong and a China trade specialist . 
Both Jacobson traders , who had been hoping UAL trading would get back to normal , read the news about the unraveling of UAL takeover plans on the train into work yesterday morning . 
The average seven-day compound yield , which assumes that dividends are reinvested and that current rates continue for a year , fell to 8.47 % , its lowest since late last year , from 8.55 % the week before , according to Donoghue 's . 
Mr. Johnson said Western Digital 's plant in Puerto Rico was affected by Hurricane Hugo , losing three days ' production because of the storm , which wrecked much of the Caribbean island 's infrastructure . 
Analysts also say it 's inevitable that Brazil will seek to renegotiate its $ 115 billion foreign debt , on which it suspended interest payments last month . 
Small-lot buying targeted at incentive-backed issues pushed up the Nikkei . 
`` Now that the supply situation seems to be improving , it would be best for traders to switch their concentration to the demand side . '' 
The notes are convertible into common stock of Blockbuster Entertainment at $ 22.26 a share , representing a 12 % conversion premium over yesterday 's closing price . 
The plan would extend the period under which Eagle has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan . 
Robert G. Hodson , 65 , retired as chairman but will remain a consultant . 
Analysts insist that even without help from a shaky stock market , which provided a temporary boost for bonds during the Oct. 13 stock market plunge , bond prices will start to climb on the prospects that the Federal Reserve will allow interest rates to move lower in the coming weeks . 
Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers , also will be a member . 
That 's not character . 
Emigration applications soared in 1985 , when Britain and China ratified their accord on Hong Kong 's future . 
The premiere of `` Showdown , '' with Mr. Downey and Richard G. Carter , a columnist with the New York Daily News , is scheduled for Dec. 4 at 8 p.m . 
But the government now claims that a group of company managers and lawyers engaged in an elaborate strategy over five years to obscure from federal authorities the extent and details of `` widespread '' fraudulent billing practices . 
Revenue was flat at about $ 2.97 billion . 
The numbers behind such fears : The average debt of medical school graduates who borrowed to pay for their education jumped 10 % to $ 42,374 this year from $ 38,489 in 1988 , says the Association of American Medical Colleges . 
Mr. Brady and senators agreed to have their staffs meet within the next week to start fine-tuning the bill . 
However , David Threlkeld , president of Threlkeld & Co. , an international metals company , noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988 , and that projected production is below last year . 
John Wells , 47 , former president and chief executive of N W Ayer 's Chicago office , was named management director and director of account services at WPP Group 's J. Walter Thompson agency in Chicago ... . 
IT PAYS to follow a management career path -- even at law firms . 
However , at a news conference Thursday , Mrs. Aquino backed the project and said her government was attempting to soothe the feelings of residents at the original site , adjacent to the government 's major petroleum refinery in Bataan province . 
`` Perhaps if my personal matters can be resolved with Laurel bank in the near future , I may be inclined to reconsider your request ... . '' 
Meanwhile , a woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal writes stock-market information on a chart with a pencil and adds it up with a hand calculator . 
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen-Probe . 
Police say the robberies are usually pulled off by two to five men , who walk into the agencies near closing or lunch time , when few employees are there . 
`` I do n't think we created him as much as we fed him , nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong . 
Last Friday , after Congress passed it anyway , he hinted he was looking for compromise . 
Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future . 
The narrower Financial Times 30-share index fell 29.6 to 1730.7 . 
More shirts and sweaters will be laid out on tables , instead of sitting behind glass cases , so that customers can `` walk up and touch them , '' Mr. Roberti says . 
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . '' 
But the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax-free is very small . 
Mr. Broderick , the Massachusetts grower , says the `` big boss '' at a supermarket chain even rejected his Red Delicious recently because they were n't waxed and brushed for extra shine . 
`` You go to any medium-sized town in the U.S. and you 're going to see H&R Block tax services . '' 
Back then , Mr. Pinter was not only the angry young British playwright , but also the first to use silences and sentence fragments and menacing stares , almost to the exclusion of what we previously understood to be theatrical dialogue . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
The nation 's fourth-largest steelmaker earned $ 18.3 million , or 43 cents a share , compared with $ 61 million , or $ 1.70 a share , a year earlier , when the industry was enjoying peak demand and strong pricing . 
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world . 
( Indeed , RJR Nabisco is currently under fire for having sent 80-second videotapes touting its Now brand to consumers who smoke American Brands ' Carltons . ) 
On the other hand , Mr. Evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake `` to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP . '' 
Without P&G 's backing , Noxell might not have been able to spend the estimated $ 5 million to $ 7 million needed to accomplish that without scrimping on its existing brands . 
When traders become confident that the stock market has stabilized , oil prices are expected to rise as supply and demand fundamentals once again become the major consideration . 
One administration official said notification was required even if the U.S. `` gets wind '' of somebody else 's coup plans that seem likely to endanger a dictator 's life . 
The arrests capped a four-month investigation by the Internal Revenue Service , the U.S. Attorney 's office and a Security Pacific internal investigation team . 
Most of the owners must pay up to 10 % of gross ticket sales for leases on stadiums they say are either too small or too old . 
In addition to aircraft from Boeing Co. , Cathay announced earlier this year an order for as many as 20 Airbus A330-300s . 
`` I think we 're making progress . '' 
In a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the National Association of Business Economists in San Francisco , Mr. Durkin comments that `` installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences . '' 
The Arizona regulatory ruling calls for $ 42 million in added revenue yearly , compared with a $ 57 million boost proposed by the commission hearing officer . 
Meanwhile , Prudential , the nation 's largest insurer and the biggest investor in junk bonds , has seen the value of its junk bond portfolio drop to $ 6.5 billion from $ 7 billion since August because of falling junk prices . 
Meanwhile , Bear Stearns Chairman and Chief Executive Alan C. Greenberg said his firm will continue stock-index arbitrage for its clients . 
As that system grows , larger computers may be needed . 
In other words , a little volatility never hurt . 
There is a lot of waste . 
If the media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues , that hardly can be termed non-objective journalism . 
Clearly , the central figure in this process is Egon Krenz . 
As part of the transaction , J.C. Penney will sell a portion of its credit-card receivables to its JCP Receivables Inc. unit , which will then transfer them to a master trust . 
Sen. Specter was vice chairman of the impeachment trial committee that heard evidence in the Hastings case last summer . 
But many owners plan to practice frugality -- crossing out the old code and writing in the new one until their stock runs out . 
He labeled reports of friction `` ridiculous , '' and said that he spent part of the weekend on Mr. Phillips 's boat in Connecticut . 
Individuals close to the Ford side of the negotiations said late last week that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker lost interest as it became clear that the Swedish auto maker 's automotive operations had little to offer in the way of image or technology . 
They need only position themselves near a company 's satellite dish and wait . 
The dollar is still highly volatile . 
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago . 
In fact , several London markets already offer lower costs for trading in the same or very similar contracts . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Corresponding to the fall in profit rates was -- in the early 1980s -- the drop in the number arrived at if you divide the market value of firms by the replacement costs of their assets , the famous Q ratio associated with Prof. James Tobin . 
Among other changes , the White House wants to : 
The Ministry of International Trade and Industry is so concerned that it recently took the unusual step of urging Japanese auto companies to exercise caution in capital spending . 
Only a decade or so ago , casino managers balked at in-room TV sets and other fripperies that distracted from gambling . 
Insiders say that not even their editors know for sure how much these show-piece publications , along with the newspapers , have cost Mr. Moon . 
The media , she says , have distorted his personal life . 
In his haste to seal the deal with Tiger Chairman Saul Steinberg last August , Mr. Smith ignored a promise that he had made to his own pilots three years ago : that any fliers acquired in future mergers would be `` end-tailed '' -- put at the bottom of the pilot seniority list that determines work schedules , pay and career options . 
`` They started , and then abandoned it . '' 
They also have argued that government proceedings notifying a company of potential responsibility do n't fit the legal definition of a lawsuit ; thus , such governmental proceedings are n't covered by the policies , the insurers say . 
On Friday , Los Angeles-based First Interstate Bancorp said it expects a net loss of $ 16 million for the third quarter of 1989 because of hemorrhaging at its First Interstate Bank of Arizona unit . 
The boost in rates sent IBM 's bonds tumbling , leaving underwriters with millions of dollars of losses and triggering a sell-off in the overall market . 
These federal-court suits accuse the officers of failing to disclose that Easy Eggs were unlikely to sell briskly enough to justify all of Michael 's production capacity . 
A company spokesman said the gain on the sale could n't be estimated until the `` tax treatment has been determined . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported that third-quarter net income rose 11 % to $ 70.5 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
`` The fact of the matter is , I am a marketer . 
The investor will be out the cost of the put , which is called the `` premium , '' and this loss will reduce the stock-market profit . 
Bourbon makes up just 1 % of world-wide spirits consumption , but it represented 57 % of U.S. liquor exports last year , according to Jobson ; no other category had more than 19 % . 
The settlement stemmed from a lawsuit the dealers filed in 1982 when the Times began its own competing direct delivery service . 
`` The volume and profit impact on our fiscal first quarter will not be positive , but looking at the whole fiscal year , we do n't see the effect as material , '' wrote Mr. Finkelstein . 
Enviropact said the proceeds will be used as working capital for expansion and to pay its existing tax liability of about $ 1.5 million that was due Sept. 15 . 
Mr. Boren does n't think all this influenced the failed coup this month , but he does concede that Congress has made mistakes . 
Before the 1987 crash , an estimated $ 60 billion in institutional money was managed under this hedging technique . 
But many of his statements on the issue in Parliament subsequently were proven wrong by documentary evidence . 
What 's more , much of China 's official rhetoric is hostile to the U.S. . 
Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections and fancy presentations . 
Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's `` abnormal fever '' in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . 
The surprise resignation yesterday of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson sent sterling into a tailspin against the dollar by creating uncertainties about the direction of the British economy . 
IBM is reviewing its entire business-partners program , and XL\/Datacomp confirmed earlier this month that it was in talks with the company about possible modifications to its current IBM-remarketer contract . 
`` This is only a further step in a lengthy investigation . '' 
Gov. Campbell responded , `` They 're mentioning rope when there 's been a hanging in the family . '' 
The move , budgeted at about $ 7 million , actually came in at about $ 10 million , he said . 
So what does consensus mean ? 
Mr. Nogales , former president of United Press International and the Univision Spanish-language network , most recently co-founded Nogales Castro Partners , a California-based media acquisition firm . 
The segment now makes up roughly two-thirds of his company 's total sales . 
A few weeks ago , Mr. Skinner testified before Congress that it would be `` cleaner , more efficient '' if he had authority to block buy-outs in advance . 
Traders trying to profit from the recent volatility in financial markets invaded the Nasdaq over-the-counter market , prompting even more swings in stock prices . 
But since then U.S. oil production has declined and Mobil wants to focus its oil-finding efforts overseas . 
There will be a lot of repair work that wo n't require the quantities of cement or concrete that new constructon would . '' 
In Tokyo Thursday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 140.97 yen , down from Wednesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen . 
Scenario 1 , known as the `` Constant Dollar Freeze , '' reimburses the Pentagon for inflation only -- it slopes upward at 4 % per year . 
`` The interpretation '' of the executive order , Mr. Stoltz said , `` and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it , has led in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators , including me . '' 
PENSION AND PROFIT-SHARING RULES : 
Commerzbank gained 1 to 252.5 . 
Not even a tractor . 
Brands made by the Kraft General Foods unit of Philip Morris Cos. had about 95 % of the market share . 
The company , which reported that its loss for the fiscal quarter ended Aug. 26 widened from a year earlier , cut its semiannual dividend in half in response to the earnings weakness . 
Per-share net of 66 cents , down from 72 cents , fell by more than overall net because of more shares outstanding . 
`` I told him to make Mitchell reach for everything , and that 's what we did . 
The sale of the extrusion division is subject to audit adjustments for working capital changes through the closing . 
Milton Roy recently fended off unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of biomedical products . 
Developing countries such as India , some analysts said , seem to have made it a point to stay away whenever sugar reached the top of its trading range , around 14.75 cents , and wait for prices to return to the bottom of the range , around 13.50 cents . 
This portends consequences from what we have already done that will be very destabilizing to social and economic systems . 
When that day comes , it would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor . 
January platinum was down $ 3.60 an ounce at $ 491.10 . 
An American Medical spokeswoman said the Moody 's downgrading was expected because of the nature of the takeover . 
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago . 
With the acquisition , Monogram , Blue Ash , Ohio , has more than 2.4 million total accounts , GE Capital added . 
These accounts hold several hundred million dollars , primarily from asset sales . 
The issue , formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates , Series 1989 , will represent interest in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans originated by the retail finance division of Maryland National Bank and secured primarily by second deeds of trust or second mortgages on single to four-family residential properties . 
Wang Laboratories Inc. has sold $ 25 million of assets and reached agreements in principle to sell an additional $ 187 million shortly , Richard Miller , president , said at the annual meeting . 
But we do n't minimize the challenges of the near term . '' 
The test markets , though not specified , will be in northern California , Arizona and Colorado , some of the hottest bottled-water markets . 
You become expendable . 
Notably , one of Mr. Krenz 's few official visits overseas came a few months ago , when he visited China after the massacre in Beijing . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
Nissan has increased earnings more than market share by cutting costs and by taking advantage of a general surge in Japanese car sales . 
But it may amount to little more than posturing ; the two have continued on-again , off-again settlement talks over the last few weeks , and people familiar with the talks say the matter could be resolved within a week . 
The number of makes has mushroomed because the U.S. is the world 's biggest and richest market for automobiles ; virtually every auto maker wants to sell here . 
Jim Pattison Industries Ltd. , one of a group of closely held companies owned by entrepreneur James Pattison , said it `` intends to seek control '' of 30%-owned Innopac Inc. , a Toronto packaging concern . 
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC. , Sunnyvale , integrated circuit maker , annual sales of $ 1.12 billion , NYSE , had only minor structural damage . 
But for the most part , officials have avoided expressing those views in public , fearing they would unnecessarily antagonize the Fed . 
`` The power of price as an appeal , which was very considerable in driving traffic in March and April , has diminished , '' says George Rosenbaum , president of Shapiro & Associates . 
Nearly 10 years ago , representatives of service-sector companies worked out a plan with the Commerce Department to improve the data on service-sector exports . 
He said Gulf Canada will likely report an extraordinary gain from the sale in the fourth quarter , but he would n't offer a specific estimate . 
Critical opinion is divided about the success of Benton 's populist defiance of modernist art . 
The sole A not to homer was cleanup hitter Mark McGwire , their regular-season leader with 33 , and he contributed five hits plus a diving fielding play on a ground ball in Game Three that stopped a Giant rally while the issue still was in doubt . 
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47-store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' '' 
`` What they want us to do just is n't practical , '' he says , noting that he employs 16 blacks . 
The beta of the broad market , typically defined as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , is always 1.0 . 
Tax-loss sellers , those investors who sell loss-making stocks so they can deduct their losses from this year 's income , are also getting out , Mr. Mills said . 
Times have changed . 
Neither was among the 46 traders indicted last August in a federal investigation of traders at both the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade . 
For all of 1988 , the company reported an after-tax operating loss of $ 134,000 on revenue of $ 593.5 million . 
Finally , I think it important to point out the extraordinarily high visibility of non-violent civil disobedience in these days of intensive media coverage . 
Naturally , Senator Boren and his committee would like free rein to blame the executive branch while stamping `` top secret '' on their own complicity . 
It was the first time in seven years that Moscow has n't joined efforts , led by Moslem nations , to expel Israel from the world body , and was viewed as a sign of improving Soviet-Israeli ties . 
Her father , William Rosenthal , designed the then-dress making company 's first bra in the 1920s , which he said gave women a `` maiden form '' compared with the `` boyish form '' they got from the `` flat bandages '' used for support at the time . 
Investing four million Swiss francs earned from his financial transactions and two million Swiss francs from his parents and his wife , Mr. Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares . 
`` An unknown quantity to most of the art world , Paul is no stranger to lavish spending , '' the magazine said , noting that he does n't stop at paint on canvas but also spends big on art you can eat . 
In recent years , carriers have become much more picky about who can fly on the cheap . 
I was driving my truck , stopped at a red light at the corner of Shattuck and Alcatraz at the Oakland-Berkeley border when it hit . 
The guide scoops into a pail and puts a frantically wiggling croaker on the hook . 
Just a few months ago , the three-month Eurodollar rate was around 9.5 % , while three-month Hibor hit highs above 11 % . 
This must be the last big stretch of the American seacoast that is `` undeveloped . '' 
Energetic and concrete action has been taken in Colombia during the past 60 days against the mafiosi of the drug trade , but it has not been sufficiently effective , because , unfortunately , it came too late . 
Following the feminist and population-control lead has been a generally bovine press . 
Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of Congress , this is precisely the pattern one would expect if Republicans are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Democratic counterparts . 
That unit of its Georgia Kaolin Co. subsidiary was sold to a unit of Unimin Corp . 
The announcement seemed to further damp prospects that talks between Qintex Australia and MGM\/UA might be revived . 
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Like trying to buy life insurance , for instance , an endeavor notably lacking in dash . 
In the year-earlier quarter , net was $ 62.2 million , or 51 cents a share . 
One can not imagine how you live when you live those double and triple lives . '' 
In the Gulf of Mexico , a boat to deliver supplies to offshore rigs now costs around $ 3,000 a day , up nearly 60 % since June . 
Mr. Yardeni predicted that world business competition will continue to restrain prices . 
`` If someone actually sat down and thought about what they were being sold , '' says Gerald Perritt , editor of the Mutual Fund Letter in Chicago , they might shy away . 
Judge Hastings , who was acquitted of similar charges by a federal jury in 1983 , claims he is being victimized and that the impeachment proceedings against him constitute double jeopardy . 
Moreover , and here Judge Oakes went to the heart of the question , `` Responsible biographers and historians constantly use primary sources , letters , diaries , and memoranda . 
Municipal Issues 
Also , some policy illustrations assume that mortality costs will decline or that I will get some sort of dividend bonus after the 10th year . 
Let 's put it bluntly . 
Executives at Olivetti , whose earnings have been steadily sliding over the past couple of years , have acknowledged that in the past they have lagged at getting new technology to market . 
`` We have a good strong backlog for the fourth quarter even without '' the systems that were announced yesterday . 
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch . 
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . '' 
7:13 a.m . 
Since June , Rochester Telephone signed letters of intent to purchase three other Wisconsin firms . 
But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash . 
In a joint statement , the two companies , whose combined holdings equal 52.7 % of Sun Life 's ordinary shares , said their agreement is aimed at reducing `` the uncertainty and instability for Sun Life that has resulted from two major shareholders owning '' a controlling interest in the company . 
Tokyu Corp. was up 150 at 2890 . 
Mr. Drabinsky , who would have had the right to vote those shares for two years , said the purchase , subsequently rejected by regulators , was aimed at consolidating his control of the company . 
They are obviously also more susceptible when they need money - retirees , for instance , trying to bolster their fixed income or parents fretting over how to pay for a child 's college expenses . 
The three establishments -- two in Warsaw and one in Krakow -- accept only foreign currency and are joint ventures between Polish firms and Western companies . 
Canada 's consumer price index rose a seasonally adjusted 0.2 % in September from August , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
Issuing states generally limit the guarantees to in-state institutions , however , and buyers get refunds without much interest if the children do n't attend the specified schools . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Friday , gold was quoted at $ 370.85 an ounce . 
Debenture holders are expected to convert most of the debentures into common because the value of the stock received in a conversion would exceed the $ 1,103.11 redemption price . 
The index registered 196.1 in August , compared with 195.4 in July and with 184.9 in August 1988 . 
But at least Burger King has signed on , and says that by year end it wo n't be using any shell eggs . 
New experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find hints of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a Texas experiment to support University of Utah chemists ' claim of achieving hydrogen fusion at room temperatures . 
Speculation that the Federal Reserve will lower interest rates in coming weeks helped push the dollar down while boosting stocks , traders said . 
-- The charts show how househld assets have been distributed over time . 
`` We can expect a hundreds-of-billions-of-yen market . '' 
The company said earnings for the year ending Jan. 28 , 1990 , are expected to be 25 to 35 cents a share , compared with a previous estimate of 50 to 60 cents a share . 
A few weeks ago , Mr. Jones even entertained Elizabeth Taylor in his private suite at Texas Stadium . 
Delmed did say that the proposal still would infuse cash into Delmed but less than the $ 10 million originally expected . 
H&R Block ( NYSE ; Symbol:HRB ) 
Probing more deeply into the doctrine of `` judicial restraint , '' he would have found a long history going back to the great decisions of Justice Holmes . 
Whatever the long-term economic effect , the scene from the helicopter above Oakland is one of tragedy . 
He believes in what he plays , and he plays superbly . 
Canadian steel production totaled 290,541 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 21 , a 5.1 % increase from 276,334 tons the previous week but a 7.2 % decline from 313,125 tons a year earlier , Statistics Canada said . 
At the State University of New York at Brooklyn , researchers flash two groups of different letters on a computer screen in front of human guinea pigs . 
The purchase , expected to be completed by year end , will make Quebecor the second-largest commercial printer in North America , behind only R.R. Donnelley & Sons Co. , Chicago . 
Young McDuffie 's first violin teacher was Henrik Schwarzenberger , a Hungarian refugee who taught in the Macon public school system . 
While lower joblessness is generally good news , the hefty drop last month indicates that the economy is n't slowing down as much as hoped -- despite a doubling of interest rates over the last 16 months . 
The dissident pilots oppose the plan because it would cause them to lose their seniority . 
The company said it does n't expect the new line 's capacity to adversely affect the company 's existing hot-dipped galvanizing lines . 
But creditors are free to press for court approval of their own plan , or the court could ignore both sides and draw its own . 
Trading volume on the New York Stock Exchange dwindled to only 126.6 million shares yesterday as major brokerage firms continued to throw in the towel on program trading . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Mobil 's latest move could signal the beginning of further reductions by other oil companies in their domestic oil-producing operations . 
The move to halt imports -- announced 29 years and 11 months to the day after Henry Ford II declared that the Edsel division and its gawky car would be scrapped -- kills the four-year-old Merkur brand in the U.S. market . 
And only last week the newspaper Vanguardia Liberal in the city of Bucaramanga was bombed , and its installations destroyed . 
The Justice Department has distributed these new guidelines for U.S. Attorneys prosecuting RICO cases . 
Sherwin-Williams Co. and Whittaker Corp. said they 've discontinued talks toward a definitive agreement regarding Sherwin-Williams ' acquisition of Whittaker 's chemical coating group . 
Average maturity was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when short-term interest rates were moving steadily upward . 
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods . 
Police suspect that the criminals , who dig up the plants in the dead of night , are selling them to nurseries or landscapers . 
Telos Corp. , a Santa Monica , Calif. , provider of software-development and hardware-maintenance services to the military , enjoyed steady growth until this year . 
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug . 
That `` suggests the manufacturing sector is not falling apart , '' said Sally Kleinman , an economist at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp. in New York . 
Warner-Lambert shares closed at $ 109.50 a share , up $ 1.50 , in Big Board composite trading yesterday . 
Mr. Icahn may not want to sell out unless he can get a special dividend similar to one he received before selling his stake in Texaco Inc. in June -- a coup that gave him enough cash to make his USX move . 
BRIEFS : 
The Canadian wound up writing a check . 
The latest round of losses is likely to be a serious blow to the Chicago Board Options Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the aftershock of Black Monday , when investors fled the market because of huge losses . 
`` Traffic is certainly a concern , as is pollution , water and an adequate labor market , '' says Frank Sain , executive director of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Bureau . 
Neither Mr. Hnilica , Mr. Carboni nor Vatican officials could be reached for comment over the weekend . 
Mitsui & Co. said it started a joint venture with Dae Woong Chemical Co. , a major pharmaceutical manufacturer in South Korea , to manufacture antibiotic medicines . 
Sales for electric wires and cables rose 13.2 % to 153.93 billion yen . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. 's common stock was dragged down yesterday amid concerns that a bankruptcy filing by a Finnish shipbuilder would delay delivery of three big cruise ships . 
So long as abortion was a question for litigation , not legislation , Republicans could find political security in absolutism . 
Michael Carstens , an analyst with Tucker Anthony & R.L. Day , added that the sale of assets would allow Sea Containers to focus on its core container businesses . 
But they never materialized and IMA completed the purchase yesterday . 
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler . 
Yet although California Plant Protection was netting bigger and bigger clients -- the firm provided security for the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles -- it still did n't have the name recognition of Pinkerton 's . 
Our phones are quiet around here , '' said Don R. Hays , director of investment strategy at Wheat First Butcher & Singer Inc. , Richmond , Va . 
FOR YEARS , costume jewelry makers fought a losing battle . 
`` The Fourth Knee Play , '' an interlude from `` Einstein on the Beach , '' is like a toccata but it does n't seem to move much beyond its left-hand ground in `` Three Blind Mice . '' 
Engineers first used concrete blocks to bolster the barrier , but the ocean tossed them aside like driftwood . 
SOFT CONTACT LENSES WON federal blessing on March 18 , 1971 , and quickly became eye openers for their makers . 
At that level , and given the uncertainty , he believes UAL stock should trade closer to 
Bond Corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses . 
Proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes , including expansion of the company 's operations . 
That is for the future . 
Stock-market tremors again shook bond prices , while the dollar turned in a mixed performance . 
Primarily because there 's more to the matter than Ronald Reagan 's personal values , or lack of them . 
Affiliated said it expects to record a pretax gain of about $ 18.5 million from the sale of the credit-card business , which should more than offset any reduction in the carrying value of real estate and real-estate loans on its books . 
Instead , Chrysler officials in late May slapped $ 1,000 cash rebates on the vehicles , including the first such incentives on the popular four-door Cherokee since Chrysler bought Jeep in 1987 . 
The Nobel Prize in literature was won by Camilo Jose Cela , a Spanish writer . 
California lawmakers want to eliminate temporarily a $ 100 million cap on the amount of federal highway relief for each state for each disaster , as well as a prohibition on using the emergency highway aid to repair toll roads . 
Oji Paper , the nation 's largest in terms of sales , said its pretax profit rose 1.5 % to 23.11 billion yen ( US$ 163.3 million ) from 22.76 billion yen . 
Mr. Larsen noted `` substantial sales growth '' for the recently introduced Acuvue disposable contact lens and Hismanal , a once-a-day antihistamine . 
So next day Mr. Cheney went out and did just that : He canceled the 600-ship Navy and cut back one carrier and 20 frigates . 
`` Their principal asset is Manville common stock , '' says Jeffrey Halis , who runs Sabre Associates , an investment fund that owns Manville shares . 
Linda and Michael ( Ms. Close and Mr. Woods ) , who seem to be pushing 40 , live in a large and tastefully decorated home in suburban Seattle . 
The man handling all this for the now-deceased Slaughter is Major Manley Battle , Mr. Gelbart 's stand in for Col. Oliver North . 
Mr. Smith , 50 years old , was formerly responsible for advanced materials , which include plastic composites and alloys , in North America only . 
`` At that point , { First Interstate } decided it was the better part of valor not to negotiate further , '' said one industry official close to the talks . 
He said the state has 165 appointed judges and 15 `` trial referees , '' who are former judges over age 70 and serve a restricted role on the bench . 
In the port of Berbera , for example , hundreds of men of the rival Issak clan were rounded up in May 1988 , imprisoned , and then taken out at night in groups of five to 50 men to be executed without any judicial process whatsoever . 
Their machine tools are even bolted to the shop floor . 
Chairman Zane E. Barnes said Southwestern Bell 's `` businesses are healthy and are continuing to grow . '' 
In an interview with reporters and editors of The Wall Street Journal , Mr. Dinkins appears quite confident of victory and of his ability to handle the mayoralty . 
Currently , there is a lull in the psyllium war . 
South Korean President Roh Tae Woo , brushing aside suggestions that the won be revalued again , said the currency 's current level against the dollar is `` appropriate . '' 
Mr. Engelken , says his wife , `` was overwhelmed by the whole thing . 
It also voted down proposals to give the secretary much more discretion on whether to block a buy-out and to require the department to consider the impact of a buy-out on workers . 
Unless , of course , it happens to be run by the Rothschilds . 
Qintex Ltd. shares sank to A$ 1.50 yesterday from A$ 3.05 Friday . 
Drug money has also gone to buy expensive cars , airplanes , launches and nightclubs where drugs are consumed . 
It 's difficult to see that there 's going to be enough business to go around . 
Carbide , like other companies with a heavy reliance on the so-called commodity end of the chemicals industry , was expected to post earnings sharply lower than in an exceptionally strong 1988 third quarter . 
Even print-shop operator Clay Smith of Naperville wo n't discard his old supply . 
`` You eliminate companies with substantial prospects that are moving up in price . '' 
At least two rival applications are expected to emerge in coming months , including one from TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. , Canada 's largest natural gas pipeline operator . 
Perhaps most striking , 35 % of households headed by people aged 18 to 44 have at least one foreign car . 
Last year when Northwest first offered the promotion , only six centenarians flew free . 
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . '' 
Mr. Chan achieved a breakthrough in 1987 -- and became a minor celebrity again -- when his story was published in a weekly newspaper . 
`` He does n't have any honeymoon period , '' says a Western diplomat based in East Berlin . 
Typically , the input energy ranges from a third of a watt to one watt and the excess energy is measured in tenths of a watt . 
Just seven months earlier , they had signed a five-year exclusive contract to make movies for Warner Bros. for which they had just produced the smash hit `` Batman . '' 
Many of the deals involved transactions in which scientific institutions or researchers agreed to commercialize their work in return for an equity stake or royalties . 
In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities . 
There are no firm plans to expand the experimental program beyond the University of Pittsburgh , whose hospital performs the most transplants in the world . 
But the simplicity may be misleading . 
Although it was published unsigned in the latest edition of the weekly Ekonomicheskaya Gazeta , Soviet sources say the article was written by Leonid Abalkin and a small group of colleagues . 
Gray was advised by Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch . 
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months . 
The team additionally earns between $ 2 million and $ 4 million for local radio and television broadcast rights . 
But it is the Trinity Rep newcomer , Jonathan Fried ( Zamislov , the paralegal ) who is the actor to watch , whether he is hamming it up while conducting the chamber musicians or seducing his neighbor 's wife ( Becca Lish ) by licking her bosom . 
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one . 
The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the approximately two-thirds , and generally biggest , Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System ; and the one-third , and generally smaller , Nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system . 
Planar President James Hurd says he has to pay tariffs as high as 15 % to sell his display panels in Japan and South Korea , while panels from those countries enter the U.S. duty-free . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Mr. Mason says he 's convinced the public still wants to invest in common stocks , even though they believe the deck is stacked against them . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
It 's understood several compromises already have been worked into the plan . 
The broker , Thomas Beairsto of Merrill Lynch 's Morristown , N.J. , office , refuses to discuss the matter with a reporter , referring inquiries to Merrill Lynch officials in New York . 
We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade , but afterward the difference is quickly washed away . 
The September decline followed an even steeper drop of 6.2 % in August and left housing starts at their weakest since October 1982 , when the country was nearing the end of a recession . 
To argue that this is `` not likely '' to affect the economy in positive ways is contrary both to recent experience with capital-gains tax cuts and to common sense . 
Although Larsen & Toubro had n't raised money from the public in 38 years , its new owners frequently raise funds on the local market . 
The latest results include a gain of $ 4.2 million , or eight cents a share , on the sale of television stations in Oklahoma City and Flint , Mich . 
Treasury bonds ended slightly higher in light trading . 
Other news that weighed on the market : Initial unemployment claims rose by 62,000 last week ; American Telephone & Telegraph Co. will reduce its managerial staff by 15,000 through attrition ; the oil market turned weaker ; there was n't any investor demand for bullion ; and the dollar strengthened during the day , putting pressure on gold . 
And the vice president of a large Midwestern company realized that an abrasive temperament threatened his career when his wife confided that similar behavior at home harmed their marriage . 
Divesting itself of what is left , as is required of all thrift institutions by July 1994 under the new federal S&L bailout law , may well prove difficult . 
The company , which makes computer parts said fiscal 1989 earnings were `` down slightly '' from $ 3.2 million , or 74 cents a share , in fiscal l988 . 
That would give the Pentagon flexibility that no other federal agency has . 
Call it a fad . 
`` We spend a fortune on research information , '' said Steve Burzon , publisher of Meredith Corp. 's Metropolitan Home . 
So would someone recently divorced or widowed . 
Sales increased 11.9 % to 279.39 billion yen from 249.68 billion yen . 
In what has become a series of bad-news announcements , the world 's largest maker of supercomputers said that after reviewing its order prospects , `` we have concluded it is prudent to plan for next year on the assumption that revenue again will be flat . '' 
Cray said it earned $ 30.6 million , or $ 1.04 a share , up 35 % from $ 22.6 million , or 73 cents a share , a year ago . 
Because the federal Freedom of Information Act was n't law at that time , the FBI was n't required to turn over information on its investigations when Mr. Ferguson appealed his conviction in the 1960s . 
The president of Herzog , Heine , Mr. Geduld expects the market to be `` very choppy '' for a while . 
Under that approach , countries with the most unused oil capacity would get bigger shares of any future increases in OPEC 's production ceiling than they would under the current system . 
On almost every other farm in South Africa , black workers do the repairs . 
Ms. Bryant , the head of the state securities group , said Drexel has done a better job of settling with the states than E.F. Hutton did after its guilty plea to a massive check-kiting scheme several years ago . 
They speak volumes about the state of our society at a given moment . 
And while the company has n't made a definite statement , it now looks like that 's not going to be anytime soon , '' Mr. Maxwell said . 
The Galileo project started in 1977 , and a number of project veterans were on hand to watch the launch . 
Only a week ago , when airline buy-out fever was already winding down , Mr. Steinhardt was engaged in a duel with USAir . 
Municipals ended mixed , while mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose . 
Pretend Nothing Happened 
Soichiro Honda 's picture now hangs with Henry Ford 's in the U.S. Automotive Hall of Fame , and the game-show `` Jeopardy '' is soon to be Sony-owned . 
Analysts and consultants had mixed reactions to yesterday 's announcements , praising Mr. Rifenburgh 's efforts but questioning whether the company can survive in a highly competitive marketplace . 
Now , apparently , they do . 
Lloyd 's , he says , is cut off from `` the vast body of premium down at the bottom end which acts as a steadying influence '' against catastrophic losses . 
A year ago , Wang had earnings of $ 13.1 million , or eight cents a share , in its first quarter , including a $ 3.1 million loss from discontinued operations . 
Mr. Lang will do away with expensive circulation drives , not to mention sales staff , and attempt to publish the 17-year-old magazine supported by circulation revenue alone . 
If the Paribas bid succeeds , it will be the second time in two months a big French investment banking group has snapped up an insurance group . 
America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . 
The company said it believes the suit is without merit . 
Ms. Chung 's , however , is said to be the only network news program in history to employ casting directors . 
In addition , USX 's giant steel segment , representing 34 % of its 1988 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills . 
They scooped up hundreds of S&P futures when the market needed it most . 
Legitimate ranchers , who have an interest in preserving the herds , would go out of business . 
Mr. Sells expects fourth-quarter sales at his company -- which besides Woolworth stores includes Kinney and Foot Locker shoe stores and other specialty chains -- to rise `` pretty much in line '' with its year-to-date increases of between 8 % and 9 % . 
L.L. Bean hires about 2,700 workers for the season rush , about 300 more than last year ; Land 's End hires 2,000 . 
`` You should know what questions to ask to get people to answer . '' 
Half the amount that the investment tables suggest might be a good goal , he adds . 
MINOR MEMOS : 
He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park . 
A year earlier , Flowers had fiscal first-quarter net income of $ 8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 170.4 million . 
The latest period 's net was reduced $ 102 million , or nine cents a share , for a change in depreciation method and concurrent changes in estimates of depreciable lives and net salvage for certain telecommunications equipment . 
Mr. Greenspan also said that although he favors cutting capital-gains taxes as sound economic policy , he would oppose such a move if it would undo the political compromise embodied in the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and result in higher marginal income tax rates . 
One reason for his gloom is a weekly tally he keeps of stocks within a point of hitting new highs or lows . 
Mr. Gaskin formerly was president and chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. and was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 . 
We 'll leave them alone . 
`` We feel we are doing everything we can , '' an Occidental spokesman says . 
Just 5 % of the respondents mentioned brands in September , up slightly from 2 % in March . 
CREATIVE ACCOUNTING , mostly by conglomerates , forced CPAs to change their way of setting standards to be followed by corporations reporting financial results , standards that had become all too flexible . 
Newport said Mr. Hollander is asking shareholders to retain only one director , James R. Lees , a Newport vice president . 
Mr. Jesperson 's US$ 3.25 estimate is somewhat below the $ 3.39 floor price that Calgary-based consulting firm Paul Ziff & Co. recently said would be needed for Mackenzie delta gas producers to see a return on their investment . 
The accord , which covers $ 52.7 billion of Mexico 's medium - and long-term debt , is expected to go into effect in early 
The materially smaller trade deficit may have been already discounted in the market . 
The engine involved was a CF6-6 made by General Electric Co . 
This place is 12 miles into the back country -- a day-long trudge for a hiker , but reached by Ms. Peterson and six others in a mere two hours of pedaling fat-tired mountain bikes . 
It is n't clear how much those losses may widen because of the short Series . 
`` I get calls nearly every day from people who have ghosts in their house , '' says Raymond Hyman , a skeptical psychology professor at the University of Oregon . 
At a hearing last week , Democratic Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut told Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady that `` Chairman Greenspan 's '' announcement over the Oct. 13 weekend was a `` very important statement . '' 
Most of the buying was institutional , he added . 
Some dealers say that Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita 's reassurance that Japanese monetary policy wo n't be changed for the time being has given investors an added excuse to push the yen down even further against the mark . 
Trading in Hang Seng index futures remains crippled by the experience . 
Though Charisma 's sales are up slightly this year , Mr. Harty says profits will be flat or lower . 
Mr. Frank told Mr. Pilson that Olympics officials wanted $ 290 million or more for TV rights to the 1994 Winter Games in Norway . 
They previously had backed an internal reorganization plan proposed by PS of New Hampshire . 
For the six months , the company reported a more than sixfold increase in earnings to $ 4.7 million , or 26 cents a share , from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago . 
In 1984 , an attempt was made to crack down on the industry with tougher restrictions . 
`` The Japanese are in the early stage right now , '' said Thomas Kenney , a onetime media adviser for First Boston Corp. who was recently appointed president of Reader 's Digest Association 's new Magazine Publishing Group . 
Yesterday , the company introduced four products , three of which are aimed at a hot new class of computers called notebooks . 
`` I 'm not here to make money by reselling the team later on . 
-- Xtra gained 1 1\/8 to 27 1\/8 . 
Yields on municipal bonds can be higher than after-tax yields on CDs for maturities of perhaps one to five years . 
Crises larger and more dangerous to the quality of life than they were 10 years ago . 
`` The only way to reduce the costs is to say we do n't want to pay the bill , '' said Rep. Neal Smith ( D. , Iowa ) , who taunted President Bush 's party to back up his campaign promise of supporting the claims of $ 20,000 per individual . 
Sales and service employees were asked to report to work to help Bay area clients who called with computer problems . 
`` It wo n't be an earthshaking drop , '' a Weyerhaeuser spokesman says . 
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30-year-old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 . 
The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position , which replaces a collective presidency under a pact signed by the ruling Socialists and opposition groups , is to be held Nov . 
Amgen advanced 1 1\/2 to 56 ; Chiron jumped 2 to 29 3\/4 ; Cetus gained 1 to 16 7\/8 and Biogen rose 5\/8 to 14 5\/8 . 
California , where earthquake damage may top $ 5 billion , plans a special legislative session . 
It 's a sound phenomenon . '' 
`` I emigrated to wear better hats , do better parties , '' she said with a giggle . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.40 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
Advancing and declining issues finished about even . 
Based on the current number of La Jolla shares , that gives the transaction a value of $ 104 million . 
Former Rep. Fernand St Germain , brought down by the savings-and-loan crisis , now represents -- you guessed it -- savings-and-loans associations . 
Indeed , Morgan Stanley 's president , Richard B. Fisher , said the firm is putting up money to form a group of regulators , investors and investment banks to find out if stock-index arbitrage artificially induces stock-market volatility . 
Exxon 's profit fell 9 % in the third quarter , hurt by sagging results at two of its three main businesses . 
They gleefully await the `` dream season '' in 1990 . 
The parent company 's net included a loss -- which it did n't specify -- that was related to the company 's 50 % stake in Cineplex Odeon Corp . 
`` We 're close to the bottom '' of the near-term ranges , she contends . 
The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
At least six of the deaths occurred among relatively young diabetics who had switched from animal to human insulin within the past year , he said . 
Program trading amounted to 12.3 % of average daily volume in June . 
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non-violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . '' 
At his first school in the U.S. he was thought a little strange for shutting off open water taps and admonishing his schoolmates to take only brief showers . 
Instead of paying for parking by putting money in the existing machines , which deliver little paper receipts , drivers would be able to buy electronic cards in local tobacco shops . 
The panel also warned Rep. Bates that any further violations `` may result in a recommendation that disciplinary action be considered . '' 
Ford faces an uphill fight for Jaguar , however . 
The emphasis on market share is evident at Daikin Industries Ltd. , Japan 's biggest maker of industrial air conditioners . 
Later in the day , according to the source , the board reversed itself , decided to file for bankruptcy protection , and asked Mr. Evans to stay on . 
The study will support arguments against capping carbon-dioxide emissions that Japan will make at a U.N.-backed conference on atmospheric pollution next month . 
When Richard Rahn advised the financial press that the market crash was caused by the setback to capital gains , he was generally ignored and mildly ridiculed . 
Citicorp issued $ 200 million of seven-year notes priced to yield 8.82 % , and Xerox priced $ 150 million of six-year notes to yield 8.85 % . 
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence . 
It 's ridiculous for a family with taxable income of $ 50,000 to pay the same 28 % incremental tax rate as a family with taxable income of $ 250,000 . 
They are worth more because they pay higher interest than newly issued bonds do . 
The company 's quarterly dividend had been 10 cents a share since April 30 , 1988 . 
At the very least , Mr. Ross clearly sees an opportunity to use the two men to get a pound of flesh from Sony . 
And because of the early settlement , the three-month bills actually have a 93-day maturity , and the six-month bills have an 184-day maturity . 
Companies with steady earnings growth could do well , she says , while others with high debt or poor earnings could see their shares decline far more than 10 % . 
Given the prelude 's thematic connections with the music preceding the last act , the idea is more worn than bad , though as luck would have it , for a change there actually was a conductor in the pit whom we wanted to hear , Carlos Kleiber , trying to make memorable music while we all waited for the bed lump to stir into song . 
The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says , `` Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea , '' I wish you would butt in and say , `` Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country . 
And perhaps with good reason . 
Suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing . 
The farmers ran a boycott , and meat disappeared from the shops . 
Until GAO 's recent audit , FHA books had not been subject to a complete external audit in 15 years . 
Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 19.93 billion from $ 17.73 billion . 
Even the boon to affiliate relations may be limited . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
And at a luncheon meeting Tuesday of Democratic senators , there was outspoken opposition to cutting the capital-gains tax this year , according to participants . 
Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she appointed Trinity 's first-ever musical director and whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 sound system and recording studio . 
Their other staple has been corporate takeovers , often hostile and financed by junk bonds . 
Fawn Hall , Oliver North 's former secretary , has yet to launch a hoped-for television news career , according to her lawyer . 
Quack . 
There is evidence that if people inherit defective versions of these genes , they are especially prone to cancer , perhaps explaining , finally , why some cancers seem to haunt certain families . 
Some House Democrats are trying to head off an appointment by President Bush to the board that oversees the savings-and-loan bailout , contending that the prospective nominee is the head of troubled banks himself . 
Since then , the bank has strengthened its Italian network , and has posted strong results . 
The 282 members had paid $ 10,000 apiece for seats . 
Separately , the casino operator said its board approved a plan to buy-back as many as three million common shares from time to time , either in the open market or through private transactions . 
And National Advanced Systems , a joint venture of Japan 's Hitachi Ltd. and General Motors Corp. 's Electronic Data Systems , is expected to unveil a line of powerful IBM-compatible mainframes later this year . 
The administration and Congress have lately tangoed around the idea of sending military aid to Cambodia 's non-communists . 
The greatest thing going for Mr. Gandhi and the Congress ( I ) Party is the poor reputation of the opposition . 
The big insurer , unlike Prudential , owns only about $ 150 million of publicly sold junk bonds . 
They will have to revisit this issue , and they 'll have to revisit it before long . 
For the nine months ended July 31 , Bank Building had a net loss of $ 1 million , on revenue of $ 66.5 million . 
With Mr. Icahn breathing down his neck , however , Mr. Corry may have little choice but to sell at a weak price , even if it means losing some steel-related tax-loss carryforwards . 
( Here 's how to interpret a standard deviation figure : Take the expected return and add one standard deviation to it . 
Here a fund may promise to pay back , say , $ 95 of every $ 100 invested for a year , even if the market goes much lower . 
When the bikes first entered mass production in 1981 , they were dismissed as a fad . 
Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money , the executives acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it . 
The flat report followed a four-month string of declines . 
CAMBREX Corp. , Bayonne , N.J. , declared its initial quarterly of five cents a share , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . 
Some have bought big chunks of Strip property for what may turn into another wave of building . 
The traders were executing municipal bond , mutual fund and other orders through a sister firm , Tucker Anthony Inc. , which is also owned by John Hancock Freedom Securities but is based in New York . 
The appeals court said there was no evidence that Congress intended to allow the pension agency to consider a company 's creation of new benefit plans as a basis for ordering that company to reassume liability for old plans . 
`` We make the finest product in the world , and the Americans are being kicked around . '' 
`` There is no strength behind this rally , '' asserted Chung Lew , head trader at Kleinwort Benson North America . 
`` There 's more noise out there , and the consumer may have to work harder to cut through it , '' says Vincent P. Barabba , executive director of market research and planning at General Motors Corp . 
Spending by average Japanese households in August fell an adjusted 1.9 % from a year earlier , the Statistics Bureau of the Prime Minister 's Office said . 
As a result , the volume of Banco Exterior 's export credit portfolio plunged from 824 billion pesatas ( $ 7.04 billion ) as of Dec. 31 , 1986 , to its current 522 billion pesetas . 
Sun , a maker of computer workstations , reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier . 
And the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit-card receivables , sometimes known as `` plastic bonds . '' 
Eastern eventually decided not to sell off a major chunk , its South American routes , which were valued at $ 400 million . 
As ties between academia and venture capital have blossomed in recent years , governmental fear of abuse has risen . 
MLX has filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a proposed offering of $ 120 million in long-term senior subordinated notes and warrants . 
We do n't have an absolute deadline and if market conditions are truly awful we might decide it is not the right time , '' to take particular steps , said Michael Prideaux , a B.A.T spokesman . 
Advertisers attribute this shared loyalty to the striking similarity among brands . 
`` I went out to Todd { Burns , the A 's reliever } and told him that we were n't gon na let this guy beat us , '' said Oakland catcher Terry Steinbach of the decisive confrontation with Mitchell , the National League 's reigning home-run king . 
Separately , Chemical confirmed that it took an undisclosed charge in the second quarter for losses on forward-rate agreements involving foreign currency written by its branch in Frankfurt , West Germany . 
He will keep the ball down , move it around . 
An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality `` among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking . '' 
During the balloting , 26 members of the 500-seat Parliament voted against Krenz , a move considered unprecedented in the country 's 40-year history . 
Rhone-Poulenc , a chemical and pharmaceutical company , said RTZ Chemicals has annual sales of about $ 900 million . 
Consumer prices climbed a moderate 0.2 % in September , mostly due to higher clothing costs . 
This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries , they argue , and allow greater economic aid and technological know-how to flow from West to East . 
This could be the first major bankruptcy-law proceeding for KKR , he adds . 
He says the Lilly executives told him they could n't take the risk with Wang . 
A TVS spokesman said he did n't know Mr. Price 's plans . 
Texaco 's situation had become particularly complex because much of its effort had for years been focused on its brawl with Pennzoil and then on New York investor Carl C. Icahn 's attempt to take over the company . 
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet . 
But now , an official says , he is `` surrounded by right-to-lifers , '' who contend that any breakthroughs in fetal-tissue research could increase the demand for abortions . 
Milton Roy jumped 2 to 18 3\/8 . 
Someday , viewers may also choose different depths of news coverage . 
Although the Bank of England 's tight monetary policy has fueled worries that Britain 's slowing economy is headed for a recession , it is widely believed that Mr. Lawson 's willingness to prop up the pound with interest-rate increases helped stem pound selling in recent weeks . 
One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser and then to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School . 
According to those familiar with the situation , other bidders included Ratners Group PLC of London and Kay Jewelers Inc . 
The company , which makes data base systems and software , said it expects to report a loss for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Most revisions it will propose will be geared toward slowing down program trading during stressful periods , said officials working with the exchange . 
Nine-month net income dropped 47 % to $ 26.3 million , or 54 cents a share , from $ 49.7 million , or $ 1.02 a share . 
`` I 'm sympathetic with workers who feel under the gun , '' says Richard Barton of the Direct Marketing Association of America , which is lobbying strenuously against the Edwards beeper bill . 
Mr. Schwartz said the recent increase in orders `` puts us well on the way to our goal of $ 1.6 billion in bookings for the year . '' 
Texaco , like many other oil companies , has been struggling to replace its falling oil and gas reserves . 
`` I 'm not going to jump on them the first day they come out . '' 
Among other restructuring measures , the bank said it will close its loan production offices in Chicago , New York and Philadelphia . 
Galax , Va . 
Rubbermaid Inc. , reflecting strong earnings growth , boosted its quarterly dividend 18 % , to 13 cents a share from 11 cents . 
During the televised Iran-Contra hearings , Mr. North came off as a patriot from central casting . 
Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that current yields continue for a year . 
Tass said Lenin 's tomb in Red Square will be closed from Nov. 10 to Jan. 15 for essential maintenance . 
It 's something likely to be spread out over a long period of time . 
He said current expectations are for an entry level machine to be shipped in December , with all of the more sophisticated versions out by June . 
Blinder International Enterprises Inc. , the parent of beleaguered penny-stockbroker Blinder , Robinson & Co. , said its shareholders approved a previously announced name change to Intercontinental Enterprises Inc . 
Macy reported a net loss for fiscal 1989 of $ 53.7 million compared with a net loss of $ 188.2 million for fiscal 1988 . 
Some badly managed partnerships have burned investors , sometimes after they received advice from industry `` consultants . '' 
Jackals roam the streets at night , and gemsbok , hardy antelope with long straight horns , wander in from the desert to drink from water sprinklers . 
He sits down at the piano and plays . 
Judge Robert ( `` Maximum Bob '' ) Potter sentenced Jim Bakker to 45 years in the big house yesterday , while a Beverly Hills judge tucked away Zsa Zsa Gabor for three days , plus 120 hours of work with homeless women . 
George Bush is quite clear : No new ducks . 
The level of interest in the RTC 's properties has been greater than expected , and has come from larger companies than initially anticipated , says Stan Ross , Leventhal 's co-managing partner . 
And there has been a drastic decline in the importance of unincorporated business assets -- thanks to industry consolidation and a decline in family farms . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. -- $ 125 million of 6 3\/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 84.90 to yield 7.51 % . 
`` I think the ship is now righted , the bilges are pumped and we are on course , '' Mr. Hutchinson said of the restructuring program . 
`` We had a lot of people who threw in the towel today , '' said Earl Ellis , a partner in Benjamin Jacobson & Sons , a specialist in trading UAL stock on the Big Board . 
Timber stocks got a big boost . 
Ms. Klass , editor and co-author of `` Afghanistan : The Great Game Revisited '' ( Freedom House ) , directs the Freedom House program on Afghanistan\/Southwest Asia . 
As the trend continues , demand for mass-market items that are high quality but only mid-priced -- particularly skin-care products -- is expected to increase . 
Indentical conditions for the two parts . 
Meanwhile , average earnings in Britain were up 8.75 % in August over the previous year . 
Revenue slid 7 % to $ 2.6 billion from $ 2.8 billion a year earlier . 
Eventually , about 250 made the trip to Florida to compete for the available slots . 
Offered by insurers that include Security-Connecticut Life Insurance Co. , Jackson National Life Insurance Co. , and National Travelers Life Insurance Co. , these policy riders let me tap a portion of my death benefits while I 'm still alive . 
While some 100 million ounces of silver once held by Mr. Hunt and Middle Eastern associates are n't hanging over the market anymore , the price surge of 1979-80 precipitated an expansion of mine production and scrap recovery and encouraged silver consumers to economize on silver use , Mr. Edgar says . 
Yet , says Mr. Carpenter , `` We 've really started to exploit the synergy between GE Capital and Kidder Peabody . '' 
The dollar 's near-term path remains foggy , according to currencny analysts , who characterize the market as `` bewildering . '' 
Phillips Petroleum Co. and Atlantic Richfield Co. also reported declines in quarterly profit , while Ashland Oil Inc. posted a loss for the latest quarter . 
The bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.9 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds for Justice Department and law-enforcement accounts that are still in conference with the House . 
Linda Aldridge , who does full-body work in Pittsburgh , says that while on-site massage is better than nothing , tired workers should realize it is only the tip of the iceberg . 
The tentative pact would resolve part of a broad investigation of the Atlanta-based company in the past year . 
Both Ford and GM badly need a luxury brand to combat new competition from the Japanese in the European and U.S. markets . 
Bank of Montreal said it added 850 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 725.8 million ) to its reserves against losses on Third World loans , bringing the total it has set aside this year to C$ 1 billion . 
Most software is distributed on cheap floppy disks , but the Next computer does n't come with a device that reads them . 
The dollar weakened in indecisive trading as foreign-exchange dealers awaited fresh economic news that they hope will jolt the U.S. unit out of its narrow ranges . 
The S&P futures are merely a `` cheaper and quicker '' way to get access to all 500 stocks , he says . 
Real estate analyst Lloyd Lynford says the Northeast 's distress is masked by relatively low vacancy rates . 
Besides money , criminals have also used computers to steal secrets and intelligence , the newspaper said , but it gave no more details . 
Few small neighborhood businesses , however , can afford such protection , even in collaboration with other local merchants . 
Analysts predicted that the move would further shake creditor confidence in Qintex Australia and force it to sell assets . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A fell 1 3\/4 to 20 3\/4 . 
To confuse matters further , when UAL Corp. stock finally opened on the New York Stock Exchange at 11:08 a.m. , the price was listed at $ 324.75 a share , up about $ 45 from Friday ; in fact , its true price was $ 224.75 , down $ 55 . 
Intel eased 1\/8 to 31 7\/8 . 
In July , Viacom Inc. formed Viacom Pictures to produce 12 low-budget movies a year that will premiere on Showtime network and be distributed later in various markets , including foreign theaters . 
`` But it 's like kicking your father in the pants . 
There are plenty of worse inspirations for shows -- and most of them had already made the fall lineup : 
Last week , Secretary Kemp ran into a buzzsaw of criticism from House Banking Committee members . 
In 1987 , an average 19.7 % of Big Board volume was retail business , with the monthly level never more than 21.4 % . 
However , excluding the year-earlier charge for recall of steering gear , operating profit in the latest quarter declined 14 % , reflecting higher start-up and product development expenses in passenger-restraint systems . 
The night the Germans occupied all of France , Baker performed in Casablanca . 
You might find something , but the chances are low , '' said Michael Ellman , an analyst at Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
INSURERS ARE FACING billions of dollars in damage claims from the California quake . 
Schering-Plough 
The group led by Birmingham , Mich. , publicist William D. McMaster did n't name an investment banker backing the deal or say how much its members will contribute to the offer . 
But several analysts and Japanese scientists familiar with the study , which was announced at a conference in Nagoya yesterday , expressed skepticism over the significance of the results . 
But airlines say it would be too expensive and cause too many delays if they started using computerized scanners to check tickets at the gate . 
`` Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , '' said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Weyerhaeuser Co. said it sold its wall-paneling business to an affiliate of one of Indonesia 's largest wood-products firms . 
`` The secret to being a good adjuster is counting , '' says Gerardo Rodriguez , an Aetna adjuster from Santa Ana . 
Microsoft , which last week rose to a record , fell victim to profit-taking , traders said , as it declined 2 1\/8 to 83 1\/8 . 
`` As this is now a litigation matter , we have no further comment . '' 
Mechanized vacuum cleaners probe the sand like giant anteaters ; a whirring ferris wheellike excavator , with buckets instead of seats , chews through layers of compacted sand ; tracks and conveyor belts , shuttling sand to the screening plants , criss-cross the beach . 
`` Nobody knows how deep the cycle is going to be , '' said Rod Young , vice president of Resource Information Systems Inc. , a Bedford , Mass. , economic-forecasting firm . 
Mr. Gandhi has called general elections for November , and many businessmen fear that he and his Congress ( I ) Party will lose . 
Personally , I 'm irked by its combination of ponderousness and timidity , which adds up to an utter lack of drama . 
Mr. Dave , its head , acts cheery and patient , but he makes no bones about the need to get to work . 
Some writers in theoretical journals even raised the notion of introducing democracy , at least in the workplace . 
The FASB since then has issued 102 rules , and some still rile industry . 
But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Mr. Johnson predicted . 
Many of us are suckers . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
`` Bond investors have been watching stocks closely , '' said Joel Marver , chief fixed-income analyst at Technical Data Global Markets Group . 
Honeywell Inc. , Minneapolis , said it completed its previously announced sale of 16 % of the shares outstanding in its Japanese joint venture , Yamatake-Honeywell , for $ 280 million . 
`` I think it 's a pretty positive development , '' said Ross Cowan , a financial analyst with Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc. , of the decision to concentrate on groceries . 
`` The coin is their problem . '' 
Under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code , a company continues to operate under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay its debts . 
Those viewers find the show confusing . 
One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included four robbery deaths and 16 robberies or burglaries on the premises . 
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 shares will be sold by the company and 334,774 shares by holders , via Alex Brown & Sons , Hambrecht & Quist and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson . 
Traders attributed rallies in a number of stocks to a Japanese buy program that PaineWebber carried out as part of a shift in portfolio strategy , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
Mr. Birnbaum recalls that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters shifted into high gear a few years back upon learning that they had competition for the story of the murdered naturalist Dian Fossey , which became `` Gorillas in the Mist . '' 
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
The red granite mausoleum draws thousands of visitors daily . 
Investigators have been trying to determine whether the crash was an accident , sabotage or suicide . 
So Campbell is talking to its `` brand enthusiasts , '' probing their psychological attachment to its soup . 
`` I want this to be a model of the way a public-owned company should be run , '' Mr. Luzon says . 
Congress authorized $ 50 billion to be borrowed to pay for the thrift bailout . 
That total was below the $ 140 million the auction house estimated the collection might sell for , but was enough to ensure that an unprecedented financial arrangement Sotheby 's had made with the Dorrance family proved profitable to the auction house . 
We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Mr. Laband 's analysis of time values and his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development . 
Many physicians have expressed concern over the heavy bleeding , which occurs even if the drug fails to induce an abortion . 
The equity arrangement apparently would allow bondholders to buy a total of 10 % of the stock of CNW Corp. , Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
Raymond E. Ross , 53 years old , formerly group vice president , U.S. plastics machinery , at this machine tool , plastics machinery and robots concern , was named senior vice president , industrial systems , succeeding David A. Entrekin , who resigned Monday . 
`` I 'd love to see sports cut back , and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools , but everybody 's afraid to make the first move , '' he confided . 
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt . 
Yet to pay that interest bill , analysts say SCI TV will only produce about $ 80 million to $ 90 million of cash flow a year . 
People have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society . '' 
Two of the major factors buoying prices , the prolonged strikes at the Highland Valley mine in Canada and the Cananea mine in Mexico , were finally resolved . 
`` I do n't know if this will affect one institution or a hundred , '' Mr. Lowell says . 
Of course that was n't the actual conversation the late anti-war activist , protest leader and founder of the Yippies ever had with his brother . 
Mr. Neff says the stock market has lost some powerful driving forces , namely earnings growth and the `` LBO sweepstakes '' -- buy-out fever that induced investors to bid up whole groups of stocks , such as media and airlines . 
He puts OPEC 's current capacity at 28 million to 29 million barrels a day . 
ONE-DAY JAUNTS in a chartered boat were perks for permanent staffers of American Business Service Corp. , a Costa Mesa , Calif. , supplier of temporary workers . 
Analysts estimated that sales at U.S. stores declined in the quarter , too . 
The disk drives will doubtless sell well when they finally become available . 
Anheuser-Busch plunged 4 3\/8 to 38 1\/2 on 3.5 million shares . 
Most bond prices fell , but junk bonds and the dollar rose . 
Here , then , is where the Orange Workers have come to make apartheid 's last stand . 
BanPonce jumped 4 1\/2 to 47 3\/4 after agreeing to be acquired by Banco Popular de Puerto Rico for $ 56.25 a share . 
Analysts agree that the price drop should especially benefit the two big tissue makers , Scott Paper and Kimberly-Clark . 
The company is an independent refined-petroleum-products pipeline serving six Western states . 
I 'll admit there 's nothing wrong That I ever do find , But it 's nice when people say I appear mechanically inclined . 
Western Union had said two weeks ago that it might withdraw the pending offer , which would have replaced $ 500 million in so-called reset notes , now paying 19.25 % annual interest and set to come due in 1992 , with two new issues paying lower interest . 
Campeau Corp. , the chain 's owner , declined to comment on the report . 
`` It 's a good company , and growing ; there 's nothing that would warrant that it be sold . '' 
In addition , earnings were reduced by rate reductions in Florida , Kentucky , Alabama , Tennessee and Louisiana . 
At yesterday 's closing price , $ 1 billion would buy back about 10 million shares , or less than 2 % of the roughly 580 million outstanding . 
But higher interest rates paid on off-budget debt could add billions to the bailout costs , and would n't be subject to congressional scrutiny , Ways and Means members argued . 
But many others , who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation , become tipsters for the IRS , says Jerry Lackey , who manages the IRS project 's force of nine agents in north and central Florida from Orlando . 
`` We watch the same indicators and listen to the same prognosticators . 
He takes issue with projections that do n't factor in students ' own contribution , which reduces most parents ' burden substantially . 
He knew which local luminaries had been caught driving drunk , which had been found with their mistresses . 
But we 're ... going to be in the exact same situation next year . '' 
Royal 's suit contends that the Ammann acquisition was `` designed to entrench management and thwart Royal 's offer . '' 
But such operations typically are n't performed because there is no sign right after an injury that surgery would be beneficial . 
In 1988 , Fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion and earnings of $ 56.4 million , or 71 cents a share . 
There is n't any way to continuously measure the amount of tritium in the heavy water , so it 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to the heat bursts or some other phenomenon . 
Also , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf pulled out of the buy-out effort to focus on running the company . 
The Federal National Mortgage Association set up a three-member office of the chairman and elected James A. Johnson as vice chairman , effective Jan. 1 . 
`` We had no serious damage on the railroad , '' said a Southern Pacific spokesman . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
But the court jester appears to be Japan 's smallest car maker , Daihatsu Motor Co . 
Maybe the whole regional system is an anachronism ; the Fed , after all , is a national central bank . 
Rodrigo Miranda , a local lawyer and human-rights monitor , recalls an intoxicated Noriega visiting prisoners in their cells at the 5th Zone Garrison headquarters in David , where he had his offices . 
Conservatives note that 43 governors have the line-item veto to use on state budgets . 
CRA Ltd. said it agreed to sell a 40 % stake in its Howick coal mine in the state of New South Wales to Mitsubishi Development Pty. of Japan . 
Nuovo Banco 's second largest shareholder , the Fiat S.p.A.-controlled investment concern , Gemina S.p.A. , fought to have Generali 's offer approved . 
But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this `` does not translate into support for conservatism in general or into conservative positions on feminist and civil rights issues . '' 
The bank made a $ 4.5 million provision in the 1988 quarter . 
In other news concerning South Korea 's television industry , Samsung signed an agreement with Soyuz , the external-trade organization of the Soviet Union , to swap Korean television sets and videocassette recorders for pig iron from the Soviet Union . 
That 's not all . 
I do n't know how much got through . 
I 'm sure he still wants AMR . '' 
`` Prices for LBOs have to come down if you do n't have that feature , '' argued Lawrence Schloss , managing director for merchant banking at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. in New York . 
Bond prices rose . 
But for South Gardens , the grid was to be a 3-D network of masonry or hedge walls with real plants inside them . 
But the two countries remain separated by a cultural barrier wider than the ocean . 
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , the largest home and auto insurer in California , believes the losses from the earthquake could be somewhat less than the $ 475 million in damages it expects to pay out for claims resulting from Hurricane Hugo . 
On the suit by the limited partners , he says he is considering a defamation suit against the plaintiffs . 
Orders last month for metal-forming presses and other machinery to form metal with pressure surged to $ 110.1 million , a 78 % rise from $ 61.7 million a year earlier and a 55 % gain from $ 70.9 million in August . 
The company reported third-quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier . 
Mr. Courter 's free-market plan to bring down auto insurance rates met criticism from Gov. Kean 's own insurance commissioner . 
In fact , the cooperation of those financial institutions is essential to the success of the drug battle . 
It is also likely to bolster fears that the Japanese will use their foothold in U.S. biotechnology concerns to gain certain trade and competitive advantages . 
Despite Mr. Paul 's characteristic hauteur , the 50-year-old , chain-smoking dynamo is finding that getting CenTrust -- Florida 's largest thrift institution -- out of its riskiest investments is much tougher than getting into them had been . 
Among the other high-yielding funds , Fidelity 's Spartan Fund had a seven-day compound yield of 9.33 % in the latest week . 
The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12 , a few days before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules . 
DAYAC : 
The soft , wafting aromas will `` improve ride comfort , '' the display attests , and a proud employee says Mazda hopes to move the system out of the lab and into its cars in a year or two . 
Any quake-related losses will be reported in the fourth quarter , the company said . 
Press agents and public-relations practitioners are notorious name-droppers . 
The group attributed the strong results to the favorable economic climate , rising demand for air travel and improved average yield ( revenue received per ton of traffic transported a kilometer ) . 
Demand for ads also rose at the eight TV stations Capital Cities owns and at its 80%-owned ESPN sports cable channel . 
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which fell 15.82 points Friday , was down 5.16 points , or 0.19 % , at 2676.60 . 
In addition to selling Japanese-made photocopiers and facsimile machines in Europe and copier supplies in the U.S. , Nashua has three other major businesses : labels and tapes , data storage disks for computers and mail-order photofinishing . 
Istat said the statistics are provisional and are n't seasonally adjusted . 
Under the previous plan , British Air would have received a 15 % stake in UAL in exchange for a $ 750 million equity investment , with a 75 % stake going to UAL employees and 10 % to UAL management . 
Against such a backdrop , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal . 
The prepaid plans may be a good bet , provided the guarantee of future tuition is secure . 
That would leave USX with Marathon , its steel mills and its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , mineral and transportation products . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.40 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.325 % 45 to 59 days ; 8.10 % 60 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.85 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.70 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.375 % 180 to 270 days . 
So developers are saying they will look into distressed properties . 
Pravda gave no estimate for overall unemployment but said an `` Association of the Unemployed '' has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 23 million Soviets , or 17 % of the work force . 
The shares represented 66 % of his Dun & Bradstreet holdings , according to the company . 
Hertz Corp. -- $ 100 million of senior notes due Nov. 1 , 2009 , priced at par to yield 9 % . 
A small farmer and a seaport merchant could not be represented by the same spokesman , they said . 
And while today 's non-volatile chips -- such as electronically erasable programmable read-only memory chips -- ca n't be used in a computer 's central memory because they `` learn '' data slowly , ferroelectric chips accept data at very high speeds . 
Eugene Sit , president of Sit Investment Associates in Minneapolis , says , `` When we bought it , we thought the growth rate was going to accelerate '' because of computerized tax filing and instant refunds ( the customer gets a refund immediately but pays extra to the tax preparer , which waits for Uncle Sam 's check ) . 
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga . 
His comments were interpreted as a sign that higher interest rates are possible . 
After the offering is completed , Macmillan will own about 56 % of the Berlitz common stock outstanding . 
Will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies ? 
In the director post , Mr. Brown , 38 years old , succeeds Joseph W. Hibben , who retired from the board in August . 
Eaton Corp. had a 26 % drop in third-quarter profit mainly because of lower sales of truck parts , its largest and most profitable single business . 
The designation at July 's economic summit of major industrialized nations of the EC Commission as coordinator of Western aid to Poland and Hungary was a first step . 
Since its premiere Sept. 16 , the show on which Ms. Chung appears has used an actor to portray the Rev. Vernon Johns , a civil-rights leader , and one to play a teenage drug dealer . 
Was there a fiduciary breach in order to obtain personal gain ? 
At Saks Fifth Avenue , Paul Leblang , senior vice president , marketing , agreed that lower prices will help his management team in their proposed LBO . 
Spiegel Inc. , citing continuing improvement in the apparel market , said third-quarter net income jumped 65 % from the soft year-earlier period , on an 11 % increase in revenue . 
I.E.P. Securities Ltd. , a unit of Mr. Brierley 's Hong Kong-based Industrial Equity ( Pacific ) Ltd. , boosted its holdings in Vickers to 38.8 million shares . 
The committee is formulating Hong Kong 's constitution for when it reverts to Chinese control in 1997 , and Chinese lawmakers said the two can only return if they `` abandon their antagonistic stand against the Chinese government and their attempt to nullify the Sino-British joint declaration on Hong Kong . '' 
Four-fifths of Poland 's soils have become highly acidified ; 70 % of its southern forests are projected to die by century 's end . 
Despite higher oil prices , exploration and production profits were off because of foreign-currency losses and some construction costs incurred in one of Phillips ' North Sea oil fields . 
The two sides in the legal battle have hurled accusations of duplicity at each other for weeks , and both Warner and Sony have accused each other of trying to sabotage each other 's prospects for success in the entertainment business . 
Amid a riot of jousting knights , circus clowns , gold-leaf centurions and creatures of the wild , lesser competitors will fall . 
No replacement was immediately named . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged about 80 points in slightly more than one hour after the opening bell . 
The luxury auto maker last year sold 1,214 cars in the U.S. 
`` The supply is not a constraint to the market , '' said Samuel Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc . 
For starters , some people call Ed and Lorraine Warren . 
Armstrong added 1\/8 to 39 1\/8 . 
Spiegel said margins improved because its inventory position this year did n't need the costly markdowns required to trim last year 's swollen levels . 
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding . 
Mr. Melloan quotes Peter Teagan and invokes the name of Arthur D. Little Inc. to support his statement . 
After college , he worked at his father 's insurance company in Little Rock , and in 1966 led an aborted attempt to buy the San Diego Chargers . 
At that point investors may face a long , bumpy ride . 
They added that market-makers were largely sidelined after aggressively supporting the market Thursday in their quest to cover internal shortages of FT-SE 100 shares . 
The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. and Europe and selling it to the Soviet KGB . 
\* Principal amount 
Gen-Probe , an industry leader in the field of genetic probes , which is a new technology used in diagnostic tests , last year signed an agreement for Chugai to exclusively market its diagnostic products in Japan for infectious diseases and cancer . 
The September drop was the largest since a 19 % drop in January 1982 , but monthly changes in this measure are even less reliable than those in other economic indicators . 
Arnold M. Katz 
Just a month ago , Mr. Bush sternly threatened to veto a pending welfare bill if it provided any abortion funds , except to save a woman 's life . 
Of the almost 3,000 athletes surveyed , 1,240 took the time to respond . 
At the same time , newspapers are bedeviled by lagging national advertising , especially in its financial component . 
`` Obviously , we got a lot more smoke than fire from the people who told us the market was n't so risky , '' says Bradford Cornell , professor of finance at University of California 's Anderson Graduate School of Management in Los Angeles . 
Suddenly , on television , in advertisements and on their cereal boxes , Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed . 
The company cited sales gains at its Milton Bradley and Playskool units and in its international business for the increase in revenue . 
FERC 's regulation had given pipelines until March 31 , 1989 , to pass on to customers as much as 50 % of the costs of buying out their broken contracts , which were made with producers when gas prices were high and supplies short . 
She has TB , after all , and a weak-kneed lover ; and though a successful courtesan , she is just about overdrawn at the bank . 
Boston 's Advent International raises $ 230 million from U.S. pension funds and other institutions to invest in Europe . 
Right now , the largest loan the FHA can insure in high-cost housing markets is $ 101,250 . 
Brown-Forman , a Louisville , Ky. distiller , also declined to comment . 
I 'm certainly not comfortable saying we 've seen the bottom . '' 
The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people it can torture and kill . 
The recent bids for United and American Airlines have led Congress to move with supersonic speed to protect incumbent airline managements . 
Mr. Taylor 's victory was an embarrassment for both state and national Republicans . 
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment-protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months . 
T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. said directors recommended stockholders approve a 2-for-1 stock split and an increase in authorized shares to 25 million from 10 million . 
`` Next year is an election year and the legislators just do n't want to do anything about this now . '' 
`` They continue to pay their bills and will do so , '' says Ms. Sanger . 
You think you can go out and turn things around . 
Bishops usually are worth slightly more than knights , but in this case Mr. Kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight and D.T. 's surviving bishop was reduced to passivity . 
Prices this week will likely be dominated by reports on the progress of the corn and soybean harvest as well as by speculation about more purchases of U.S. crops by the Soviet Union . 
As part of its national ad pitch , Brooks Brothers will show less preppy women 's clothes , moving away from its floppy-tie business stereotype . 
But analysts said the combination of a second consecutive decline in monthly durable-goods orders and lackluster mid-October auto sales helped prop up the Treasury market . 
Earnings at Allied-Signal 's aerospace business rose to $ 55 million from $ 41 million a year ago , primarily on higher sales and profit in its engines and auxiliary power units . 
`` If there is another bad trade number , there could be an awful lot of pressure , '' noted Simon Briscoe , U.K. economist for Midland Montagu , a unit of Midland Bank PLC . 
Unlike the old-line cosmetics houses , Unilever and P&G both have enormous research and development bases to draw on for new products . 
`` When that occurs , and when the time is right , we 'll release the films in the U.S. , '' he said , adding that Turner Pictures may develop such movies next year for domestic release in 1991 . 
( Secondary guarantees of pools of FHA - and VA-backed loans by the agency known as Ginnie Mae currently exceed $ 330 billion . ) 
She keeps track of the rest of her hats by stapling Polaroid snapshots to the outside of each hatbox . 
In addition , they fear that banks have been overeager to issue cards to the public -- giving cards to too many big spenders who will default during a recession . 
At one point , the reader is two steps ahead of Marlowe in catching on to a double identity scam -- and Marlowe is supposed to be the pro . 
But if it was the national disease in 1906 , it is today the national commonplace . 
Collateralized Mortgage Securities Corp. -- 
Georgia-Pacific 's advisers are Wasserstein , Perella & Co. , which stands to receive a $ 15 million fee if the takeover succeeds , and the law firm of Shearman & Sterling . 
Shearson says it has taped some of its institutional trading desks , such as commodities and futures , for about four years . 
Analysts have estimated that Pinnacle West may have to inject between $ 300 million and $ 400 million into the MeraBank unit before turning the thrift over to federal regulators . 
But though `` people in town may ask why Guber needs Peters , it 's good to have a partner , and obviously the chemistry works , '' says Steven Tisch , a producer who once worked for Mr. Guber . 
My statement , read verbatim from a printed text available to all reporters attending the National Cancer Institute news conference , was the following : `` New clinical trials are already in operation seeking to improve these results . 
Pinkerton 's had locked itself into low-price contracts to win new business , with no hope of profitability until the contracts expired , he adds . 
Government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should visit Vermont-Slauson and Grand Boulevard Plaza and decide for themselves . 
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures . 
Not since the late 1970s has the horn been so up for grabs as it has suddenly become in just the past few weeks . 
It 's already that in the Bush administration , at least for any job in which abortion is even remotely an issue . 
Adjusters must count the number of bathrooms , balconies , fireplaces , chimneys , microwaves and dishwashers . 
ANACOMP INC. , Indianapolis , NYSE , said its Xidex Corp. unit , a Sunnyvale maker of computer disks and microfilm with annual sales of $ 637 million , had only minor damage and is fully operational . 
Afghan guerrillas bombarded Kabul in a weekend assault that Western diplomats called one of the biggest offensives since the Soviet Union completed a troop withdrawal in February . 
Recently , they have appeared every few weeks in talk-show type videos , countering pro-union arguments . 
Still , Britain 's current slump is a cause for concern here as the nation joins in the European Community 's plan to create a unified market by 1992 . 
Texaco , thinking in terms of $ 18-to-$19 oil for 1990 , may raise spending , especially for low-risk prospects , an official says . 
At 5:40 p.m. , scheduled game time having passed , some fans chanted `` Let 's Play Ball . '' 
As of Feb. 1 , 1990 , the Bullocks Wilshire stores will operate as I. Magnin stores . 
The Delaware Supreme Court affirmed a ruling that barred Chris-Craft Industries from voting its Warner preferred stock as a separate class in deciding on the companies ' proposed merger . 
They are often closed to the public and no minutes are taken . 
Chairman Krebs says the California pension fund is getting a bargain price that would n't have been offered to others . 
-- `` The pressure put on us to win at all times has resulted in physical violence , such as punching and slapping by coaches . 
The Treasury 's report , which is required annually by a provision of the 1988 trade act , again took South Korea to task for its exchange-rate policies . 
Some of the recent selling could actually be considered a positive sign . 
Once the money is raised , it is n't always certain how it is used . 
`` In the long run , the { stock } prices will go up . '' 
In Japan , the wineries are promoting their products ' Pacific roots and courting restaurant and hotel chefs , whose recommendations carry weight . 
-- Creative financing . 
The delay in getting AZT to children has been blamed on a combination of factors . 
Several reports as the day progressed gave vague or conflicting indications about whether banks would sign up . 
After Hugo hit , many insurers exhausted their reinsurance coverage and had to tap reinsurers to replace that coverage in case there were any other major disasters before the end of the year . 
Talking to a small group of U.S. executives afterwards , Mr. Gorbachev appeared impatient for a big expansion in U.S.-Soviet trade , which now amounts to a meager $ 3 billion annually . 
The Montvale , N.J. , unit said the new operating structure `` creates a more focused and responsive organization geared to effectively managing the size and scope of the unit 's current business . '' 
Nearly 70 % of cosmetics sales come through mass-distribution outlets such as drug stores and supermarkets , according to Andrew Shore , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The reality is that Bank finances are rock solid . 
Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion , and the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments and slackened production by auto makers . 
9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Much of the cost of cleaning up after the earthquake will involve repairing highways and bridges . 
She did n't have hot water for five days . 
Without federal subsidies to developers of beach houses , the economic and structural damage by Hurricane Hugo in South Carolina would have been much less , as highlighted by your Oct. 3 editorial `` Subsidizing Disaster . '' 
The manufacturers ' association will issue statistics on vehicle exports later this month . 
But it was Ted Kennedy who scored most effectively with his searing portrayal of `` Robert Bork 's America '' -- the parade of imaginary horribles that would follow logically , he claimed , from the positions Mr. Bork had taken over the space of two decades . 
Staff lawyers for both sides were busy agreeing with one another about what the U.S. could not do to oust the Panamanian thug . 
Neither testified at the previous trials . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters maintain that executives at Warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that Warner never felt threatened until they linked up with Sony . 
Now why , you have to ask yourself , would intelligent beings haul a bunch of rocks around the universe ? 
It wanted to buy RJR Nabisco Inc. 's French cracker subsidiary , Belin , in hopes of selling its products in tobacco stores , but lost the bidding to food group BSN SA . 
The most remarkable feature about yesterday 's action was that the price of roughly $ 370 an ounce was regarded as attractive enough by gold producers around the world to aggressively sell gold , Mr. Mehta said . 
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms . 
As it turned out , Carlos Perches Trevino and Ramon Sardina Garcia had hidden the haul in a closet in the Perches family 's home for a year . 
There are $ 15,015,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2008 and $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds priced at par and due 2015 . 
The affected practices include the placing of oral orders , which is the way most public customer orders are placed , and trading between affiliated brokers , even though in some cases trading with affiliates may be the only way to obtain the best execution for a client . 
And Eugene Glazer , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , said : `` If you hired an attorney to be there all the time and give you a ( prediction ) of the eventual award , I would be willing to bet that he would be off '' by a lot . 
Mr. Gonzalez expressed concern over a report that the two had been summoned to Washington by Mr. Wall last week to discuss their testimony in advance . 
`` Most of our competitors are announcing products based on our ( older ) products , '' said Finis Conner , chief executive officer and founder of the firm that bears his name . 
Analysts say , however , that a tough economic program would have to be accompanied by measures to shield the poor from its recessionary effects , for instance by subsidizing staple food items . 
Hanson is a London producer of consumer and other goods . 
His melodious `` Confutatis '' was smoothly sung by bass Brian Matthews . 
Craig Forman in London contributed to this article . 
Scott Miller , an FASB project manager , said that a final rule will be issued before year end . 
But researchers say the drug , called FK-506 , could revolutionize the transplantation field by reducing harmful side effects and by lowering rejection rates . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) said he intends to use Senate procedures to force advocates of the tax cut to come up with at least 60 votes before they can address the issue . 
In 1986 , India signed a $ 1.4 billion contract with AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , to purchase 400 artillery pieces . 
Mr. Lagnado said that although retailers probably wo n't ever recover sales lost because of the California quake and Hurricane Hugo , they could see some benefits later on . 
Navigation Mixte holds the remaining 50 % . 
Nashua strengthened its poison-pill plan after announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company . 
Company officials and union representatives did n't meet face to face , but the mediator shuttled between the two groups . 
The departures , said Alice Ruth , an analyst at Montgomery Securities in San Francisco , should enable the company to focus on business issues instead of management differences . 
Ortega had threatened to end a 19-month-old ceasefire . 
But Mr. Brady endorsed the market-revision bill that both houses of Congress will try to push through this session . 
Until his resignation , Mr. Lawson had been conducting British monetary policy as if the pound were tied to the mark . 
Among composite insurers , General Accident rose 10 pence to # 10.03 ( $ 15.80 ) a share , Guardian Royal climbed 5 to 217 pence , Sun Alliance rose 3 to 290 , and Royal Insurance jumped 12 to 450 . 
Jack Byrne , the chairman of Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which is based in Novato , Calif. , estimates insured losses resulting the earthquake could total $ 2 billion . 
In contrast to the more artistic nature of traditional cosmetics houses , Unilever and P&G are the habitats of organization men in gray-flannel suits . 
I suppose sooner or later , the Japanese would have to fill up a large part of the gap on the naval side . 
PepsiCo Inc. will give away 4,000 sets of `` Game Boy , '' Nintendo 's new hand-held video game in a two-month promotion scheduled to begin Nov. 1 . 
David Shaffer was named to the new post of executive vice president of the Maxwell Macmillan group of this communications giant . 
The state examiner also said supervisors of a parallel federal examination seemed so reluctant to demand write-downs of Lincoln 's bad loans that he immediately grew suspicious . 
A Coastal spokesman said the biggest expense will be to refurbish the refinery but would n't say how much that would be . 
Mr. Wall 's deputies complained that they had n't been given an opportunity to respond to the criticism brought out during the Banking Committee 's hearings , which Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) has used as a forum to flay Mr. Wall 's handling of the affair and to demand that he step aside from his job . 
Most oil companies , when they set exploration and production budgets for this year , forecast revenue of $ 15 for each barrel of crude produced . 
Small-company shares typically fall more than big-company stocks in a recession , he says . 
The situation was like that of a skier who is thrown slightly off balance by an unexpected bump on the slope . 
There 's a 95 % probability any year 's result will fall in the range . ) 
You may be hearing more about the 38-year-old Mr. McDonough and his preoccupation with clean air . 
There are also $ 29 million of 6 3\/4 % certificates due 2019 , priced to yield 7.10 % . 
In a statement , the company said : `` Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies . 
The government insists that such a possibility is low . 
SENATE HEARS final arguments in impeachment trial of federal judge . 
And , according to one dealer , Mr. Wachter had a penchant for introducing Mr. Paul with the phrase : `` He can buy anything . '' 
Hollandale , Miss . 
It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to Recruit , the sex scandals , or the one-yen coins in their purses , but they obviously were voting to punish the LDP . 
But it has n't worked out that way . 
As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed : The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened ; trading in many stocks was suspended ; orders took unduly long to be executed ; and many specialists stopped trading altogether . 
El Al director Rafi Har-Lev and top officials of the Soviet Union 's Aeroflot negotiated a preliminary pact in Moscow this week , the spokesman said . 
Time Warner Inc. is considering a legal challenge to Tele-Communications Inc. 's plan to buy half of Showtime Networks Inc. , a move that could lead to all-out war between the cable industry 's two most powerful players . 
Gold , which has n't risen or fallen significantly in quite some time , yesterday achieved what may be a new level of impassiveness : The most actively traded futures contracts closed unchanged despite nervous fluctuations in both the dollar and the stock market . 
Manufacturers have already spent so heavily on automation that they are one of the computer industry 's leading revenue sources . 
April 16 , 1987 : 
Analog also said that a one million share buy-back program announced in March is substantially complete . 
`` I would like to have had them , '' he said . 
At least 15 major studies purport to show that particular states have imposed the death penalty disproportionately against killers of whites compared with blacks , and against black defendants compared with white defendants . 
Built into the statute are so-called design immunities , which are likely to protect government agencies , according to Mr. Ruvolo and Richard Covert , a lawyer with the California Department of Transportation , which oversees the damaged Bay Bridge . 
And the county of Los Angeles placed its firefighters and sheriffs on alert , ready to send in reinforcements , and alerted San Francisco that the city has 1,000 hospital beds at its disposal . 
Insiders have been selling shares in Dun & Bradstreet Corp. , the huge credit-information concern . 
The banks jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said . 
Some fund managers say negative publicity has exacerbated investors ' concern about recent declines in junk-bond prices . 
His massage chair is kept in a closet , and a secretary escorts him past security . 
The regular nightly news program and daily newspapers are also getting a visible injection of Soviet-style glasnost . 
This is no longer true today . '' 
Callable from March 31 , 1992 , at 107 3\/4 , declining two points semi-annually to par . 
Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . 
This is a style of `` visual '' computing that provides three-dimensional , color models of everything from the inside of a house to the latest in women 's fashion . 
The company also posted third-quarter earnings that were in line with analysts ' forecasts . 
`` We are dismayed , but there 's nothing we can do about it now , '' said Stanley Grayson , New York City deputy mayor for finance and economic development . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , AEP shares closed at $ 21.25 , down 50 cents . 
But when agencies like the NIH circulate guidelines , they 've often already formulated policy , veteran scientists say . 
Removed from office were George Pratt , Robert E. Davis , Norman Gray , John Virtue , corporate secretary , and Barrett B. Weekes , chairman , president and chief executive officer . 
And New York Life made a plea for Red Cross donations in newspaper ads in the San Francisco area , latching onto the coattails of the Red Cross 's impeccable reputation : `` The Red Cross has been helping people for 125 years . 
At several different levels , it 's a fascinating tale . 
Mr. Purnick and other old-line furriers call many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made . 
But he said IBM would have won the business anyway as a sale to a third party that would have then leased the equipment to the customer . 
In the neighborhoods with the highest crime rates , small business generally relies on the public police force for protection . 
`` And it 's relaxing . 
Mr. Byrum and Ms. Smith could n't be reached for comment . 
Allianz said it won French government approval to buy as much as one-third of Navigation Mixte , a diversified financial , transport and food holding company . 
It said it will also offer buyers the option of financing as low as 6.9 % on 24-month loans . 
Jeffrey Nichols , president of APMS Canada , Toronto precious metals advisers , said there is little to motivate gold traders to buy the metal . 
`` He is going to face a mess , '' says City Council President Andrew Stein . 
Robert Guy , an associate curator at the Princeton Art Museum , was previewing a June antiquities sale at the auction house when he recognized the kylix , which he , as a specialist in Attic pottery and a careful reader of the Stolen Art Alert in `` IFAR Reports , '' knew was stolen . 
The total relationship , as Mr. Lee sees it , is `` the flow of dollars to the U.S. to fund the deficits , the investments the Japanese are making in the U.S. in order to satisfy American demand that American products consumed in America should be made as much as possible in America by Americans with Japanese technology and capital . '' 
ABB Asea Brown Boveri is the Dutch unit of the Swedish-Swiss electrical engineering group ABB Asea Brown Boveri AG . 
But many have . 
Since founding the company , the charismatic Vietnam vet , who is still only 46 years old , has fostered an ethos of combat . 
The two companies have been discussing a transaction under which Fresenius would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % of Delmed 's fully diluted common stock . 
When only civil liability is involved , this method has the undeniable strengths of factual specificity and avoidance of overgeneralization . 
Enforcement of restricted-entry rules was sporadic , residents said . 
Aside from exploring plans for joint ventures or acquisitions , Mr. Lippens has called top managers of companies rumored as potential raiders -- among them , Axa-Midi , Union des Assurances de Paris and Suez , all based in France . 
Rockefeller may well have found its match in Mitsubishi Estate , a company of long history , strong government ties and sound resources . 
The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors , and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training , he added . 
In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures and options . 
Laundered drug money has served only to increase , unrealistically , the price of real estate , creating serious problems for low-income people who aspire to own their own homes . 
Although government-controlled , Dassault still is run by the founder 's son , Chairman Serge Dassault , who has fiercely protected his company 's independence . 
The Senate convicted federal Judge Alcee Hastings of Miami of eight impeachment articles , removing him from the bench . 
These mega-issues are being propelled by two factors , economic and political . 
But others say junk-holders have nothing to gain by putting SCI TV into bankruptcy-law proceedings . 
But London 's problems were nothing compared with the Continent 's . 
`` It does n't mean unanimous , '' he insists , though he implies it means a bipartisan majority . 
And some carriers are facing other unexpected headaches : USAir , for example , blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by Hurricane Hugo last month . 
Big Board short interest fell 4.2 % for the month ended Oct. 13 , the second decline in a row . 
Creditors involved in the project contend , however , that the termination actually had nothing to do with these technical violations . 
Mr. Noriega had learned that a local union leader was sleeping with the wife of his deputy . 
One troubling aspect of DEC 's results , analysts said , was its performance in Europe . 
Japanese culture vs. American culture is irrelevant . 
`` You never know if you 'll be chosen to be the scapegoat or the lucky one . 
`` Old-time kiddies , '' he says . 
A Lufthansa spokeswoman in Tokyo said the head of Lufthansa 's cargo operations had been in Toyko last week for talks with JAL . 
This year he produced a men 's line and offers dyed furs in red , cherry red , violet , royal blue and forest green . 
Researchers began using the drug in February on patients who had received kidney , liver , heart and pancreas transplants . 
Compare the Bush request to what the Senators gave themselves : 
One of Ronald Reagan 's attributes as President was that he rarely gave his blessing to the claptrap that passes for `` consensus '' in various international institutions . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Mr. Fernandez does n't take control in New York until January , but already he 's roiling the waters . 
Per-share earnings declined to $ 1.10 a share from $ 1.12 a share , largely because of 21 million additional shares issued to retire $ 1 billion of debt . 
Mr. Bush is plainly uncomfortable with the entire abortion question . 
Nothing bravura , no arpeggios , no ticklish fingering problems challenge the performer . 
Guinness , which owns several leading whiskey brands plus Gordon 's gin , the world 's No. 1 gin , is considered less likely to bid for the Whitbread spirits . 
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 . 
However , the total value declined for deals of $ 100 million and up . 
Earlier reports , which revealed that as many as 73 companies were avoiding income tax legally , have been credited with helping galvanize efforts to overhaul the tax code . 
`` The stories are rubbish , '' a British Air spokesman said . 
Warner-Lambert , Morris Plains , N.J. , reported sales that were a record for any quarter and the eighth quarter in a row of 20 % or more per-share earnings growth . 
On Wednesday , the market opened bullishly with high turnover , ignoring the volatility in New York stocks . 
There is no slow-motion close-up , blood-and-guts portrayal of the animal 's demise . 
The stock of UAL Corp. continued to be pounded amid signs that British Airways may balk at any hasty reformulation of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines ' parent . 
The reporters were victims and some of the victims turned into unofficial reporters . 
But even that is disputed by Manufacturers Hanover which , in alliance with the IRS , contends that Minpeco has already collected more than its actual damages from other defendants in the silver-conspiracy case . 
Whether or not `` great cases make bad-law '' -- as Justice Holmes asserted -- who can doubt that when great confirmation hearings turn on the nominee 's response to these great cases they make bad judicial history ? 
The proposed acquisition provides for a cash payment of $ 10 a share at closing and a contingent payment of as much as 80 cents a share placed in escrow . 
Integrated has been struggling to avoid a bankruptcy-law filing since June , when it failed to make interest payments on nearly $ 1 billion of debt . 
This market teaches us to be humble . '' 
Faced with this embarrassment , U.S. diplomats expressed confidence that the influential Rio Group of South American nations , which gathered last week in Peru , would take a stronger posture toward the Panamanian dictator . 
For more than a decade , virtually no one complained about Judge O'Kicki . 
AMR was trading at around $ 84 yesterday before his withdrawal announcement , then immediately fell to about $ 76 . 
A food caterer stashed stones in the false bottom of a milk pail . 
If it goes capitalist , and increases trade with West Germany , it will convert itself , willy-nilly , into an economic annex of the Federal Republic . 
The idea was to `` insure '' the value of a portfolio by selling futures when stock prices dropped -- eliminating the need to sell the stocks themselves . 
He pampers them ; he invites them to fabulous parties ; he strokes them . 
Last week Mr. Adler lowered his rating from hold to `` avoid '' on Boise Cascade , Champion International , Great Northern Nekoosa , International Paper , Louisiana Pacific and Weyerhaeuser . 
Her Pa ( Howard Duff ) is the kind of guy who , while saying grace at the supper table , pauses at the word `` sin '' and glares at the daughter he has n't seen for two decades , because he knows in his heart that she enjoyed what happened in the cold-storage room , and has been indulging the same taste ever since in the fleshpots of Chicago . 
This team initially called its new model Personal Retirement Account , or `` PRA . '' 
But it will be years before it is clear whether higher rates will offset the payouts for such disasters . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
The Serious Fraud Office , a division of London 's Metropolitan Police responsible for investigating financial crimes , said its work would take in `` allegations of fraud prior to , surrounding and subsequent to the merger . '' 
That is at the high end of the range of 7,000 to 8,000 employees that Unisys said a month ago would be laid off . 
Then , last Friday , Ford 's talks about a possible alliance with Saab-Scania AB of Sweden collapsed . 
Long-term Treasury issues declined about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Beyond the advertisements , the syndicator is planning a traveling arena show , new TV specials for CBS and even an exhibit at the Smithsonian Institute . 
Owings , Md . 
Other magazine publishing companies have been moving in the same direction . 
The Aga Khan owns 10 % of Ifint 's capital , while IFI owns 23 % . 
Amending a 1988 return to claim a refund brings cash faster ; but for personal losses , there are other factors to consider , notes publisher Prentice Hall . 
The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 32.71 to 1230.80 amid renewed weakness in the airline sector . 
Eastern Airlines pilots were awarded between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay by an arbitrator , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization . 
Separately , Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars ( $ 4 million ) , or 12 Canadian cents a share , for the fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
New Product News says the beverage `` looks like ginger ale , tastes a little like cherries and smells like bubble gum . '' ... 
Tomorrow , the October purchasing managers report is due and on Thursday comes October chain-store sales . 
The contact occurred through Mr. Noriega 's half-brother , a Panamanian diplomat based in Peru named Luis Carlos Noriega Hurtado . 
Italy 's trade deficit narrowed to 2.007 trillion lire ( $ 1.49 billion ) in September from 2.616 trillion lire a year earlier , the state statistical office Istat said . 
In Poland , only 4 % of all investment goes toward making things farmers want ; in the West , it is closer to 20 % . 
There is simply no way to engineer a succession covertly , as is sometimes possible elsewhere on the continent . 
Reports in the West German press , citing sources in East Germany , suggest Mr. Krenz may serve only as a bridge between Mr. Honecker and a genuine reform leader . 
Having rejected central economic planning for economic reasons , and the market for fear of the social ( political ) consequences , Mr. Gorbachev seeks a `` third way '' that would combine the discipline and controls of the former with the economic benefits of the latter . 
Revenue rose 15 % to $ 534.3 million from $ 464.7 million . 
By then it also hopes to begin producing a passenger car based on the Volvo 240 and selling for about $ 20,000 . 
Mr. Markese cautions that investors should n't slavishly follow any specific price\/earnings sell trigger . 
The budget was only $ 400,000 . 
In a civil suit commenced in state Supreme Court in New York , the agency alleged that the consumer-electronics and appliance discount-retailing chain engaged in deceptive advertising by claiming to have `` lowered every price on every item '' as part of an advertising campaign that began June 1 . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year . 
Massachusetts , which has lost jobs in the computer and defense-related industries , was the weakest link in bleak New England . 
Of course , portfolio trading -- the increasingly common practice of buying or selling baskets of actual stocks -- also treats stocks as homogenous commodities . 
Japan says its economic growth will fall sharply if it cuts back on the use of oil , coal and gas to cap emissions of carbon dioxide . 
Mr. Finks is perceived by some owners as a standard-bearer for the Old Guard . 
The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 , 1988 , and again on April 4 , 1988 . 
Since most of its assets are tied to Manville , a forest and building products concern , the trust might also want to diversify its holdings . 
And they , or even the prospect of them , discourage disaster preparedness in the form of speculative advance stocking of supplies by merchants . 
The French water treatment group said consolidated net profit after payments to minority interests rose to 749 million francs ( US$ 119.2 million ) from 575 million francs in the first half of 1988 . 
West German insurance giant Allianz AG entered the takeover battle between France 's Cie . Financiere de Paribas and Cie. de Navigation Mixte . 
FEMA still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of Hugo , and spokesman Russell Clanahan acknowledged that `` we 're pretty thin . '' 
But most of them could have afforded to keep up their payments -- they chose not to do so . 
The Fossett firm had some losses and liquidity problems during the October 1987 crash as well , Mr. Rawls said . 
But analysts estimate their trading profit at # 30 million . 
If gold stocks and utilities continue to lead , it may signal that the market is in for rough times . 
The business is n't related to Lotus 's main businesses of making computer software and publishing information on compact disks . 
Thus , an acquisition may prove the necessary course . 
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago . 
`` Batibot , '' which started in 1983 as a hybrid of the U.S. program `` Sesame Street , '' has developed into a distinctly Philippine effort . 
And some foreign firms are finding that even when they manage to overcome such hurdles , their ventures now have to be endorsed by such unpredictable bodies as the Soviet parliament and the governments of the nation 's republics . 
It involved the athletics director , two different football coaching staffs , and school trustees and governors -- just about everybody , it seemed , but Donald Shields , the university 's president . 
The communication Mr. Lee brought represents the softer line the U.S. has been hoping to hear from Chinese officials since the June 4 massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in Beijing . 
`` Obviously , there are quantitative limitations on the assistance we can provide , '' concedes Baron David de Rothschild , `` but we feel we have some cards to play . '' 
Not so Michigan . 
The heart of the earthquake , 6.9 on the Richter scale , was 50 miles to the south , near Santa Cruz , but its terrible fist struck here on the Nimitz Freeway , a major artery serving the Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco . 
Sheraton Corp. and Pan American World Airways announced that they and two Soviet partners will construct two `` world-class '' hotels within a mile of Red Square in Moscow . 
One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear . 
Broiler prices fell 6.5 cents in October to 30.6 cents a pound , while turkey prices rose 1.2 cents a pound to 38.5 cents . 
Though the epicenter of Tuesday 's temblor was located 10 miles north of the town of Santa Cruz , and 50 miles south of San Francisco , its havoc hopscotched up the coast in seemingly random fashion . 
`` There will be big Japanese investments probably five to 10 years from now . '' 
Sometimes , as with `` Batman , '' the pair really do make the film . 
Institut Merieux 's bid for Toronto-based Connaught has run into problems with the Canadian government , which told Merieux last week that it was n't convinced that the proposed acquisition would be of `` net benefit '' to Canada . 
`` I 'm a math major , but I want to know about psychobiology . 
According to greenhouse theories , increased carbon dioxide emissions , largely caused by burning of fossil fuels , will cause the Earth to warm up because carbon dioxide prevents heat from escaping into space . 
`` We 're trading with a very wary eye on Wall Street , '' said Trevor Woodland , chief corporate trader at Harris Trust & Savings Bank in New York . 
The defection of Deloitte 's affiliates in Britain and the Netherlands to Coopers & Lybrand will make Coopers one of the biggest accounting firms in Europe , rivaling KPMG Peat Marwick there . 
Mr. Pilson emphasizes the ancillary benefits of positive press , contented affiliate stations , enthusiastic advertisers and huge audiences that might stick around to watch other CBS programs when the game is over . 
`` Oil of Olay brought with it the baggage of being used basically by older women who had already aged , '' says David Williams , a consultant with New England Consulting Group . 
Rules that set standards for products or govern business behavior , generally the best regarded form of red tape , `` create a level playing field and keep unscrupulous competitors away , '' says Sidney West , president of TechDesign International Inc. , a Springfield , Va. , business that designs telecommunication and other products . 
So here 's a rundown of the most common types of market orders permitted by the stock and commodity exchanges . 
Under terms of the transaction , which was proposed in June , Doman said it acquired International Forest Products Ltd. 's 22 % stake in Western Forest , and Western Forest , in a related transaction , bought back a 22 % interest in the company from Fletcher Challenge Canada Ltd . 
The presence of so many people , cars and competing businesses is evidence of a healthy economy in a place where people want to live . 
She was as cool as a cucumber . 
Because finance and services contribute 10 % to final business product , missing these productivity improvements depresses the overall growth rate by 0.15 % a year . 
Hardest hit by Hugo in South Carolina were small retailers tied to the tourist industry and businesses in agriculture and cultivated seafood . 
Based on Manville 's closing price yesterday of $ 9.25 a share , Manville 's offer would purchase about 5.4 million of its preferred shares , or about 75 % of the trust 's preferred stock holding . 
Mr. Steinkuehler said at a convention in West Berlin that the union has to prepare for `` a big fight '' to achieve its main goal of a 35-hour workweek , down from current 37-hour workweek . 
-- FOREIGN TRADE . 
`` Their management changed right after { the venture was formed } , and I do n't think they were comfortable getting into the competitive wars of women 's service magazines . '' 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Joe Frank Sanderson , who is currently chairman , chief executive and treasurer , will remain chairman . 
The company said it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10 % from 20 % the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price . 
But it 's just as plausible to argue that if even David Boren can get mired in this sort of mess , the problem goes beyond legal interpretation . 
Continentals believe that the strongest growth area will be southern Europe . 
Hers is a hand that will test the mettle of her audiences . 
Vision Banc was placed in government conservatorship in March , and it operates under the control of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell or liquidate insolvent thrifts . 
The Financial Times 100-share index has dropped about 12 % from its 1989 high of 2423.9 on Sept. 8 . 
To an unusual degree , the massive bill has become a vehicle for lawmakers to earmark funds for projects in home states . 
Of the four , only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece . 
Mr. Farooquee attributed the decline to an industrywide softening of demand for computer enhancement products . 
I find it very difficult to say that . 
Since such loans are often refinanced through the sale of high-risk , high-yield junk bonds , the recent woes of the junk-bond market have renewed concerns among regulators about the risks associated with Wall Street firms issuing bridge loans . 
But massage , no matter how chaste , is still associated in many minds with seedy fronts for prostitution , and that makes some executives nervous . 
The study is to provide reporters , academic experts and others raw data on which to base further inquiries . 
`` They are like a mini-studio ; they have 50 projects in development for Warner , '' he says . 
The Nikkei continued to gain for the rest of the week , adding 1017.69 points in four days -- more than erasing Monday 's losses . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a $ 12 million contract to provide virtual network services to Woolworth Corp. 's 5,600 corporate and retail sites in the 
Much of Columbia 's junk-bond trading has been done through the high-yield department of its Beverly Hills neighbor , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Building them now will require undergirding from the West , and removal of political deadwood , a job that Solidarity has barely started . 
( Mr. Paul says it was n't that high . ) 
C.B. Rogers Jr. was named chief executive officer of this business information concern . 
Ford , on the other hand , has said it 's willing to bid for all of Jaguar , despite the objections of Jaguar chairman Sir John Egan . 
Fees from syndicating loans dropped 48 % , to $ 21 million . 
And they 've bought one . '' 
Under the plan , NRM said holders of its common units will receive one share of new common stock in Edisto Resources Corp. for every 14.97 common units owned . 
Others suggested , however , that the Fed will hold any changes in monetary policy in check , leaving fed funds at around 8 3\/4 % , down from the 9 % level that prevailed from July through September . 
Citicorp posted a 9 % drop in quarterly profit . 
And on a closer 250-170 roll call , lawmakers upheld controversial agreements made by a House-Senate conference earmarking community development funds for more than 40 projects backed by often influential members . 
Gregory Bessemer , who came in second in the stock division of the recently completed U.S. Trading Championship , says he uses fill-or-kill orders almost exclusively when trading options . 
We will not know until a first generation of female guinea pigs -- all of whom will be more than happy to volunteer for the job -- has put the abortion pill through the clinical test of time . 
Mr. Marous said the business will achieve higher sales this year than the company 's target goal of 8.5 % . 
`` I think the dynamics of this situation are that something 's got to happen , '' said one official familiar with the situation . 
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches . 
The securities-turnover tax has been long criticized by the West German financial community because it tends to drive securities trading and other banking activities out of Frankfurt into rival financial centers , especially London , where trading transactions is n't taxed . 
`` A significant increase in gold sales to 248,279 ounces for the quarter from 188,726 in the third quarter of 1988 was more than offset by the continued decline in average gold price realization to $ 367 from $ 429 per ounce , '' the company said . 
Nevertheless , the device has been successful in other ways . 
Limiting care wo n't be easy or popular . 
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle . 
It was the Senate Republicans , though , who had edged away from the veto strategy . 
The actual disciplinary hearings will be public . 
Here is a bible for UFO watchers , complete with pictures of people who say they 've had personal relationships with aliens . 
Faced with another Mr. Honecker , so many despairing East Germans are likely to flee that the two German peoples will get their reunification , de facto , on West German ground . 
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons . 
Other venture capitalists are already there : MMG Patricof Group and its Alan Patricof Associates , New York ; Burr , Egan , Deleage & Co. , Boston ; and San Francisco 's Hambrecht & Quist have about $ 800 million to invest in European companies . 
The Los Angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Mr. Hoelzer , however , sued Stamford , claiming that the city had abandoned the artwork and that it had waited too long to reclaim it . 
Tell us about the HUD scandals . 
DESPITE VICTORIES this year , small business fears losing parental-leave war . 
Some people had hoped ABC 's ratings would go up because of the intense focus on the event in the aftermath of the earthquake . 
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 12-cent-a-share dividend to be paid Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 . 
I wonder when we 'll be able to relax . 
Ms. Malcolm , for example , wrote that Mr. Masson described himself as `` the greatest analyst who ever lived . '' 
Most of them do n't last for long , but in the meantime all we can do is tell people they are n't connected with us , '' says a spokeswoman for the American Heart Association . 
But even if he effects a Hyde-to-Jekyll transformation , he will face a serious ideological crisis and Reunification Scenario Two . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , BSB closed at $ 17.50 , up 12.5 cents . 
Most will stay open late Saturday night and open their doors again Sunday . 
Mr. Guber , by contrast , has been married to one woman for more than 20 years . 
General Motors Corp. is sponsoring its first independent display in 10 years , and it includes a boxy Buick station wagon with wood-grain side panels . 
The wall behind me was slightly deformed , but the center had held . 
If the law leaves loopholes , use them . 
From a financial standpoint , the boom could n't come at a better time . 
Its board approved the repurchase of as many as three million common shares , or about 17 % of its shares outstanding . 
Erbamont advanced 1 1\/8 to 36 1\/2 on 1.9 million shares . 
`` The volume we received from the banks was a lot lower than usual , '' he says . 
You do n't want to own anything long except gold stocks . '' 
ORACLE SYSTEMS CORP. , Belmont , provider of computer programming and software services , annual sales $ 584 million , four of 12 offices and buildings in the Belmont and San Mateo areas were closed , 95 % of computer and telephone systems are operating , expects to be back to full operation by the end of the week . 
Many fly-by-night charities ride the coattails of the biggest , best-known and most reputable ones by adopting names similar to theirs . 
The order against assassinations is another artifact of the same congressional mind-set , a product of the 1970s Vietnam syndrome against any executive action . 
Colgate 's household products business , which includes such brands as Fab laundry detergent and Ajax cleanser , has been a weak performer . 
Cray said its order backlog at Sept. 30 was $ 315 million , down $ 25 million from June 30 . 
South African gold stocks ended marginally firmer . 
Both said the new plan would n't work . 
But there still are a few ways today 's traveler can qualify under the airline 's many restrictions . 
While stop orders sound similar to limit orders , there is a difference : Sell stops must be entered at a price below the current market price and buy stops above . 
In the recent past , bond buyers did n't seek such assurance . 
`` They 'll be looking at levels to sell the dollar , '' says James Scalfaro , a foreign-exchange marketing representative at Bank of Montreal . 
But in the stock and real-estate markets , activity remains spotty even though prices have regained much of their lost ground . 
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % . 
In addition to Unocal 's 153,000 barrel-a-day refinery near Lemont , Ill. , the new venture would control 17 distribution terminals , a lubricating-oil blending and packaging plant , and 131 company-owned Unocal service stations . 
Mr. Templeton 's 147,300-share purchase in the closed-end fund came before the U.S. stock market 's plunge last Friday , but still proved slightly profitable . 
Nonetheless , it will barely make a dent in Mitsubishi Estate 's finances , analysts say . 
Mr. Auvil sees Fujis , in part , as striking a blow against the perversion of U.S. apples by supermarkets . 
Public-works and utility projects , also known as non-building contracting , grew 18 % to $ 52.2 billion in September , but the nine-month total of $ 36.9 billion was down 3 % from a year earlier . 
Jeffrey Tarter , editor of SoftLetter , a Watertown , Mass. , industry newsletter , says : `` I 've seen a lot of people fooling around on the fringes of filtering information . 
Kay Peterson mounts her bicycle and grinds up yet another steep , rocky path seemingly suitable only for mountain goats . 
Donald DeScenza , an independent analyst in New Canaan , Conn. , said he was `` impressed with the company 's performance . '' 
`` The Japanese apple market is very keyed to high quality , '' says David Lane , a scientist at a Canadian horticulture research center in Summerland , British Columbia , and so apples are more of a delicacy there than a big food commodity . 
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . '' 
To be sure , the full Senate , facing a fast-approaching budget deadline , last Friday stripped away all of the tax breaks that were contained in the Finance Committee bill . 
High cash positions help buffer a fund when the market falls . 
( Prior to acquiring the housewares business , the company was known as Centronics Corp. ; Centronics had been a maker of computer printers , but Mr. Stein and other officers decided to sell that business after Japanese competitors grabbed a dominant share of the market . ) 
Recent data from New York City provide more of the picture . 
The company said the water will be called Coors Rocky Mountain Sparkling Water and will come from the same mountain spring as water used in Coors beer . 
Adds Ms. Messinger , who is expected to win the borough president 's job Mr. Dinkins is vacating , `` You have to remember David is a pragmatist . '' 
Hitachi made the reverse-engineering charges in an amendment to a counterclaim filed in a federal district court in Texas after Motorola sued Hitachi for patent violation . 
Biosource Genetics Corp. , Vacaville , Calif. , is developing a spray containing a gene that spreads from cell to cell and interferes with the genes that are responsible for producing pollen . 
`` This is being done at the suggestion of { Mr. Drabinsky } and to accommodate him , to facilitate his financing arrangements , '' Ms. Kolber said . 
For instance , a CD-type annuity from North American Co. for Life & Health Insurance , Chicago , offers 8.8 % interest for one year or a 9 % rate for two years . 
The U.S. had been under pressure from several Cocom members , especially France , West Germany and Italy , to ease restrictions on some types of machine tools , which those countries argued were now widely available to East Bloc countries from non-Cocom members . 
Revenue was about $ 4.5 million . 
But Mr. Monsky sees much bigger changes ahead . 
Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % , 13 weeks ; 7.50 % , 26 weeks . 
A former vice president of the Singapore branch of Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. was charged in court yesterday on 19 counts of cheating . 
But most are linked by a single theme : liquidity -- the ability to get in and out of the market quickly . 
Chairman Thomas S. Murphy cited Capital Cities ' nine daily newspapers in explaining most of the gain . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
She added , however , that charges already taken do n't take into account the potential effect of litigation involving the oil spill . 
It came on the heels of a number of local newspaper articles suggesting that Mr. Paul has benefited handsomely from his association with CenTrust . 
The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by higher start-up and new program costs , increased costs of materials , higher wages and an $ 11 million provision for bad debts in Latin America . 
A spokesman for the buy-out group was n't immediately available for comment . 
After posting losing seasons in each of the last three years , the Cowboys needed a change , he says . 
But cosmetics firms still have one big marketing edge : They motivate sales people with commissions . 
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned . 
Under certain circumstances , the rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer for half price . 
Even Lloyd 's specialty -- unusually risky ventures -- is being challenged . 
Nicaragua 's Defense Ministry said a group of Contra rebels ambushed two trucks carrying troops in northern Nicaragua , killing 18 of the soldiers . 
Eastern has disputed the claim , but a federal district court , an appeals court and now the arbitrator have all sided with the pilots . 
If Mr. Wilbur 's translation is a finely ground lens through which we see the pettiness and corruption of 17th-century Paris , Mr. Falls 's production is a mirror in which we see ourselves . 
Shanghai Investment & Trust Co. , known as Sitco , is the city 's main financier for trading business . 
The trial had been postponed to allow Dunkin ' Donuts to seek alternatives to DD Acquisition 's offer . 
Costly infertility problems and procedures proliferate as aging baby boomers and others decide to have children -- now . 
The company said it expects to pay the first dividend , of 12.5 cents a share , in the 1990 first quarter . 
He may have gone overboard in his pursuit of good discipline , but is n't it interesting that some of the country 's biggest , most troubled school districts are choosing new chiefs from the same gravel-chewing mold ? 
The mines produced a total of 110,000 tons of copper in 1988 . 
Their debt will be well under the $ 1 million limit -- on borrowing to acquire , build , or improve a home -- that qualifies for mortgage-interest deductions . 
Ogilvy & Mather 's top creative executive , Norman Berry , left the agency earlier this year . 
Currency analysts predict that in the coming week the foreign exchange market will shift its focus back to economic fundamentals , keeping a close eye out for any signs of monetary easing by U.S. Federal Reserve . 
This was the version of supply-side economics that , in the late 1970s and early '80s , worked in America and world-wide to solve a far more serious stagflation than afflicts Britain today . 
Alaskan and Coast Guard officials say Exxon 's charges are n't relevant because tests conducted during the first two days following the spill showed that the dispersant was n't working anyway . 
Separately , for the first nine months , Soo Line reported a loss of $ 398,000 , or four cents a share , compared with net income of $ 12.5 million , or $ 1.32 a share , a year earlier . 
But in art-world parlance , Mr. Paul 's holdings are `` burnt . '' 
Ms. Lowenthal is executive director of the International Foundation for Art Research ( IFAR ) . 
All of this is bad news for the big brokerage firms such as Shearson and Merrill Lynch & Co. that have big `` retail , '' or individual-investor , businesses . 
I was an eyewitness of the most newsworthy event on the planet at that moment . 
Even at this early stage , drugs caused additional concerns . 
A Generale spokesman confirmed that the giant Belgian holding company would be willing to raise its stake in AG should a raider seek control . 
Valued as a buy-out target , the airline stock was trading at nearly $ 280 a share . 
After the split , the two companies presumably will be rivals for orders from government and commercial customers . 
Because of the recent junk-market turmoil , the fund is considering investing in other issues instead , including mortgage-backed bonds . 
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them . 
Labor problems top the list . 
Richard M. Greenwood , Valley National 's executive vice president , said then that the company believed the write-downs were `` adequate '' and did n't plan to increase its reserves again . 
The stock , to be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions , will be held as treasury shares for stock options or other general corporate purposes . 
Before American foreign policy set out to destroy Noriega , it helped create him out of the crucible of Panama 's long history of conspirators and pirates . 
For the nine months , BankAmerica profit soared 81 % to $ 833 million , or $ 4.07 a share , from $ 461 million , or $ 2.40 a share . 
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener . 
Mr. Baker will relinquish his previous positions , but a successor for him has n't been named yet . 
The Labor Party , meanwhile , threatened to support a parliamentary motion to topple the coalition unless Shamir showed flexibility on Arab-Israeli talks . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in eight classes by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
`` And the input I 've had from customers is that it still could be a while . '' 
Some of America 's biggest trading partners gave a quick thumbs-down to a U.S. proposal to liberalize world trade and reduce farm-product subsidies . 
It also intends to set up an international wholesale market with the Singapore government next May and to open a department store in Bangkok and shopping centers in Malaysia , Taiwan , Canada , Chicago and Seattle by December 1990 . 
Other bids ranged from about 10 million yen to 29 million yen . 
During the third quarter , the company charged about $ 46 million against earnings in reducing goodwill , added $ 20 million to its general loan loss reserves and established a $ 30 million reserve for its high-yield bond portfolio . 
`` The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with orders and employment falling and output at a standstill , '' said David Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
`` We imagine with bourbon the Wild West , Western motion pictures and gunmen appearing , '' says Kenji Kishimoto , vice president of Suntory International Corp. , a division of Suntory Ltd. , Japan 's largest liquor company . 
Some hotels in the hurricane-stricken Caribbean promise money-back guarantees . 
On the other hand , if we 're asking for something unreasonable or unethical and so on , then that 's a whole different story . 
The unit makes intravenous pumps used by hospitals and had more than $ 110 million in sales last year , according to Advanced Medical . 
Real-estate interests , for example , are protesting an omission in President Bush 's capital-gains proposal : It does n't include real-estate gains . 
But this devastated the U.S. manufacturing sector , laying the seeds of protectionism . 
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige . 
The occasional Englishman tries to put on airs but we let it pass ... . 
Buying from willing shareholders makes an unfriendly takeover impossible , Mr. Rey contends . 
The excess heat was 15 % to 20 % more than the energy involved in the electrolysis of water . 
Ground batteries , targeting an odd assortment of aircraft traveling at highly unusual speeds , opened up a furious fusillade . 
Short-term rates rose yesterday . 
Though Sir James has said he intends to mount a new bid for B.A.T once approval from U.S. insurance regulators is received , jitters over prospects for junk-bond financing and U.S. leverage buy-outs are making investors more skeptical about Sir James 's prospects . 
In a statement to employees , Eastern said the company was disappointed by the ruling . 
But when the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose instead , bonds drifted lower . 
At least two years ago , the company put 60 million barrels of oil reserves on the block . 
And they threatened to try to amend any other revenue bill in the Senate with the capital-gains provision . 
In the end , Mr. Davis used junk bonds so that he could raise Paramount 's bid to $ 200 a share . 
MCI Communications added 1 1\/2 to 43 3\/8 . 
An administration official confirmed last week that Mr. Simmons , the chairman of Valley National Bank in Phoenix , is the Republican appointee , and that a security clearance was under way . 
Campbell-Mithun also would be a sizable addition to an agency network : It has billings of about $ 850 million and blue-chip clients including General Mills , Jeep\/Eagle and Dow Brands . 
Well , `` Days of Rage '' airing with before-and-after packaging , and after repeated delays , was a beginning . 
Shares of biotechnology companies in the area were also higher . 
She declined to identify other bidders but said Mr. Drabinsky 's offer `` is all cash , and it 's for all of the company . '' 
A spokesman for CS First Boston said : `` We remain committed to a full range of businesses , including merchant banking . 
`` Whenever corporate profits are weak that means capital spending is going to soften subsequently , '' Mr. Harris said . 
Stock prices , meanwhile , posted significant gains in later trading and closed down by only 3.69 points on the day . 
Mr. Sung could n't be reached for comment . 
Mr. Stoltzman must have worried that his audience might not be able to take it : He warned us in advance that `` New York Counterpoint '' lasts 11 1\/2 minutes . 
`` In both games I got exactly what I wanted , '' he said . 
Southwestern Bell Corp. said net dropped 8.7 % , mainly the result of four extraordinary items : a franchise tax refund that its Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. unit received last year ; a production shift of several Yellow Pages directories to the fourth quarter from the third ; a rate refund in Missouri and a one-time adjustment to phone company revenues . 
`` We 've had whopping declines in consumer energy prices in each of the past three months , and at the wholesale level those are fully behind us now , '' said Jay Woodworth , chief domestic economist at Bankers Trust Co. in New York . 
Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it , but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained . 
The Senate did n't vote on six lesser charges . 
The Justice Department said it filed a lawsuit seeking more than $ 7.7 million from a Meredith Corp. unit on charges that the company defrauded the government on a contract to provide relocation services for federal employees . 
She manages it with the title of general-director . 
By pressuring taxi and bus drivers who needed licenses , he gained a ready cache of information . 
Mr. Rosen , among others , suggested that the quake , the strongest since the 1906 temblor that struck San Francisco , will in the short term create a two-tier price system for quake-prone communities , with dwellings built on sturdy ground likely to demand higher prices . 
Its plan , instead , is to spin off the remainder of its real estate unit and to possibly do the same with its mining and energy assets . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
`` Unless he changes , they lose , '' said a Democratic leadership aide . 
Financial analysts note that Mr. Rey is attracted to companies that are undervalued on the basis of their real-estate interests . 
People close to the investor say that was an experiment he is unlikely to repeat . 
Procter & Gamble went down 3 1\/2 to 130 , Dow Jones fell 3 1\/2 to 37 1\/2 and Rockwell International dropped 2 1\/8 to 25 . 
The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's and SP1-plus by S&P . 
A large part of the long-term appreciation of assets reflects inflation , and the taxation of inflation-created capital gains is confiscation . 
The test project -- which reportedly survived Tuesday 's earthquake -- was a prelude to a state plan to retrofit that critical section of the freeway with the steel casings . 
Apple Computer , which reported lackluster earnings Friday , lost 1 1\/4 to 46 3\/4 on 1.1 million shares . 
The deposits , assets and certain liabilities of the three thrifts were transferred to newly chartered federal mutual institutions . 
Under the reorganization , Ogilvy plans to name one executive on each account as a `` client service director '' to work as the client 's single contact for all those services . 
But nearly 3 1\/2 years later , Merrill says the investment is worth about $ 43,000 -- an amount that represents an annual return of just over 2 % on Dr. Blumenfeld 's $ 40,000 . 
It does n't help that sometimes Ms. Rose 's language fails to deliver the effect she appears to want . 
Malaysia 's Banking Secrecy Act prohibited the bank from identifying delinquent borrowers , said Tan Sri Basir . 
The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated and Allied department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for Mr. Levy but for hundreds of other small apparel makers , button suppliers , trucking firms and fabric houses . 
Some , particularly in West Coast earthquake zones , are dusting off their evacuation plans , checking food stocks and reminding employees of what to do if emergency strikes . 
According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were charged , tried , convicted and sentenced to prison terms of four and 12 years . 
An outstanding issue in yesterday 's session was Mitsubishi Rayon , which surged 95 to 905 yen ( $ 6.34 ) a share . 
The companies would n't disclose the length of the contract except to say it was a multiyear agreement . 
In the quarterly report , Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , New York Times Co. chairman and chief executive officer , said negative factors affecting third-quarter earnings will continue . 
In the first nine months , net was $ 140 million , or $ 1.23 a share , on sales of $ 1.44 billion . 
It found them in a cautious , but not downbeat , mood . 
Holders can either convert each share into 421 shares of the company 's common stock , or surrender their shares at the per-share price of $ 1,000 , plus accumulated dividends of $ 6.71 a share . 
Revenue in the telecommunications products and services unit rose 27 % to $ 728.8 million , but operating profit was unchanged at $ 26.3 million , partly because of start-up expenses . 
The latest period loss included a $ 12.9 pretax charge for severance payments . 
John Bullock , senior partner of Deloitte in the U.K. , said `` the decision to start these proceedings has n't been taken lightly . '' 
`` It was like driving down the highway watching a wreck . 
Estimates requested by Sen. Mitchell from the Congressional Joint Taxation Committee show that the richest 100 taxpayers got an average benefit from the capital-gains differential of $ 13 million each in 1985 , the last year for which figures are available . 
Yet the evidence that we have not hit bottom is found in the fact that we are not yet helping ourselves . 
The relatively small academic conferences that have attracted conservative guests -- and press scrutiny -- in recent years are much more narrowly targeted and austere than the thousand-person get-togethers in fancy digs and exotic locales of years past . 
NATO defense ministers are expected to call for a reduction in nuclear forces in Europe when the alliance 's nuclear planning group convenes a two-day session today in Portugal . 
The poll , conducted for the Dutch daily De Telegraaf by Gallup International said 81 % of Dutch people supported NATO . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc bond convertible from Nov. 28 , 1989 , to Dec. 20 , 1993 , at a 5 % premium over closing share price Oct. 30 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
Still others are looking at overseas markets . 
They seem to be having the `` worst of both worlds : artistic work with none of art 's integrity and no control over the finished product ; self-employment without fun or profit . '' 
It assessed nearly $ 500,000 against a cruise-ship company that carried about 100 deckhands , cooks , bartenders , entertainers and other employees as self-employed independents . 
According to Baker Hughes Inc. , 992 rotary rigs were at work in the U.S. last week , up from the year-ago count of 933 . 
Control Data , for one , plays down its employee suggestion program because it favors the team-management focus . 
Investors expect these shares will be targets of investment trust funds , which often buy small amounts spread across a wide range of issues . 
High-end U.S. furriers say these imports have n't squeezed them . 
The commission , which was asked to study the deal by the Department of Trade and Industry after its announcement in February , said the diversity of global supply of chemicals used in making analgesic drugs was great enough to offset the dominant U.K. market share Rhone-Poulenc would gain through the acquisition . 
`` This is n't a distress sale . 
Bausch & Lomb sold the softies under a sublicense from National Patent Development , which had gained the rights from the Czechoslovakia Academy of Sciences . 
`` It looks like serious tax evasion , '' says Mr. Ailes , the Giuliani media consultant . 
One factor helping sales and earnings was a 3 % price rise for most P&G products , except coffee , analysts said . 
But further major advances on the Nikkei are n't foreseen this week by market observers . 
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts . 
And we 'll raise it through existing shareholders '' as well as through junk bonds , said Anthony Simonds-Gooding , the private consortium 's chief executive . 
`` I do n't have anything much to say , and I think that 's what you 're going to find from everyone else you talk to up here , '' says local attorney Edward F. Peduzzi . 
His 1942 novel `` The Family of Pascual Duarte '' is considered the most popular work of fiction in Spanish since Cervantes 's `` Don Quixote '' was published 400 years ago . 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 456.2 million from $ 422 million . 
Mr. Connolly noted that net third-quarter charge-offs , at $ 63 million , improved slightly from the $ 67 million in the second quarter . 
`` My sense is what they have in mind is an excuse for clamping down on campaigning '' by creating an atmosphere of a military emergency , he said . 
Every day , Mr. Levy checks orders from Campeau department store chains , trying to guess if he will be paid . 
Everyone was extremely long on sterling , '' Mr. Beale said . 
He and his family kept afloat by repairing bicycles , selling fruit and doing odd jobs . 
Mr. Roman will oversee American Express 's public relations and government affairs , among other things , but he wo n't be involved in its advertising , which is handled by the operating units . 
The Christmas quarter is important to retailers because it represents roughly a third of their sales and nearly half of their profits . 
Some predicted that Nekoosa will end up being owned by a Japanese company . 
The move by IBM was n't exactly a surprise . 
`` They have to work such long hours and then we expect them to be heroes if there 's an evacuation . '' 
From that point on , the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian 's misadventures . 
Elsewhere on the takeover front , Time Warner advanced 2 5\/8 to 136 5\/8 and Warner Communications tacked on 7\/8 to 63 7\/8 . 
Mr. Patel agrees : `` There is no proper monitoring and screening of the use of these funds . 
With this year 's dislocations in China and the Soviet Union , and the drive to democracy in Poland and Hungary , the East German leadership grew still more defensive . 
For the long-term investor who picks stocks carefully , the price volatility can provide welcome buying opportunities as short-term players scramble frantically to sell stocks in a matter of minutes . 
Mission Resource Partners advanced 8 % , or 1 3\/8 , to 18 7\/8 . 
Scott E. Hein Texas Tech University Lubbock , Texas Your Investment Dartboard article misses the target . 
We 're told Senator Pryor is n't yet a co-sponsor , but if he and his colleagues are serious about kicking their compulsions , they 'll sign up . 
The newly merged company will have 165 branches in Puerto Rico and 27 branches outside of the island . 
How easy it is To attack others ' views Without ever setting A foot in their shoes ! 
That should help IBM address the damage that a resurgent Storage Technology Corp. has inflicted in that market . 
The heaviest damage was reported in Tipasa , about 40 miles west of Algiers . 
In coming months , emergency food aid moving in from the West will be the one buffer between a meat-hungry public and a new political calamity . 
Adm. Goupil 's comments are likely to inflame the broader dispute within the military establishment here over the role of Dassault . 
Also weighing on both metals ' prices is the role of the chief supplier , the Soviet Union . 
( Both men declined to be interviewed for this article . ) 
At this point , the Dow industrials were down 75.41 points and falling . 
In May , Rep. Don Edwards ( D. Calif . ) introduced congressional legislation that would require an audible beeping during any employee monitoring , warning people that they are being heard . 
Many funds in recent weeks and months have been selling their highest-quality junk issues , such as RJR Nabisco , to raise cash to meet expected redemptions . 
Mr. Mitchell has been predicting that the president 's initiative would fail this year . 
Fees 1 1\/4 . 
The index was 178.5 in August and is based on 1980 equaling 100 . 
Net income at Sears 's Dean Witter Financials Services group , meanwhile , rose nearly 32 % to $ 35.7 million , reflecting improvements in its basic stock brokerage and Discover credit card businesses . 
Securities regulators praise Drexel for its energetic effort , led by government-approved general counsel Saul S. Cohen , to settle its legal problems with the states . 
In a country where a bribe is needed to get a phone , a job , and even into a school , the name Bofors has become a potent rallying cry against the government . 
According to the Value Line Investment Survey , demand for Nekoosa 's commodity paper has weakened , prompting earnings to decline by 6.6 % in the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
His firm , along with some others , issued new buy recommendations on insurer stocks yesterday . 
Mr. Leemans said this genetic manipulation does n't hurt the growth of that plant . 
And California 's 45-member delegation in the House is expected to propose that emergency funds be added to a stop-gap spending bill that the House Appropriations Committee is to consider Monday . 
The offering , Series 1989-86 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
Freon , introduced in 1930 , revolutionized America by making refrigeration and air conditioning practical after all . 
This , he warned , would prevent these countries from bridging the difference with their richer EC brethren . 
And that is before consideration of increased state and local revenues from taxes and fees on sales , real estate , licenses and the like . 
Rockwell International Corp. 's Tulsa unit said it signed a tentative agreement extending its contract with Boeing Co. to provide structural parts for Boeing 's 747 jetliners . 
'' However , pressure on Kidder 's parent , GE , could change Kidder 's policy . 
He will compensate with the guile learned from his years in the majors . 
But he said the downturn probably wo n't become a `` major contraction '' similar to those of 1974 and 1982 . 
Union sentiment also could influence shareholder reaction to a Jaguar-GM accord . 
In the 1970s , several pharmaceutical and packaged-goods companies , including Colgate-Palmolive Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Pfizer Inc. and Schering-Plough acquired cosmetics companies . 
The Hackensack , N.J. , company said holders would receive for each $ 1,000 face amount , $ 750 face amount of a new issue of secured senior subordinated notes , convertible into common stock at an initial rate of $ 6.50 a share , and 50 common shares . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows vary from those for other coin-operated amusements without serving a substantial government interest and are unconstitutional , the ninth-circuit appeals court holds for Acorn Investments Inc . 
The government currently is subsidizing an estimated 23,000 loans above 11 % under the 235 program , and however disruptive to private investors , the refinancing is expected to yield at least $ 15 million in savings in fiscal 1990 . 
`` He has n't added anything , '' Mr. Levine said , predicting the board will again reject Mr. Green 's proposal . 
It also said that it would start trading the contract as soon as the CFTC approved it . 
Her view is that stock prices have three major props : merger and buy-out proposals , earnings and the economic outlook . 
A group bidding for American Medical International Inc. , New York , said it formally received the final financing needed for a $ 3 billion bid for about 86 % of the hospital operator 's stock . 
Still , this does n't mean that either the government or the ANC is changing stripes -- or that either has moved significantly closer to the other . 
These would not function independently , but would act together to form `` combines , unions and associations '' to tackle problems and coordinate their activities . 
A company spokesman said he could n't explain their sudden bullishness . 
Qintex Australia is a unit of Qintex Ltd . 
Spain and Italy are most often mentioned as the future economic hot spots . 
Mr. Templeton bought his shares in several separate purchases between Aug. 30 and Sept. 28 , according to reports with the SEC . 
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake-up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet . 
Allied Capital Corp. II -- 6,500,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
For 1988 , BellSouth earned $ 1.7 billion , or $ 3.51 a share , on revenue of $ 13.6 billion . 
The fibers business , whose products go into textiles , carpeting and myriad industrial uses , now accounts for only 20 % of Akzo 's sales . 
TDK fell 120 to 5,960 , Fuji Photo Film declined 160 to 4,830 , and Fanuc dropped 160 to 7,440 . 
However , a spokeswoman for BankAmerica Corp. said yesterday 's absenteeism at the bank holding company was no greater than on an average day . 
In August , the government played a major part in a sweeping restructuring of the troubled shipyard . 
Although Coopers has n't been courted by other major accounting firms for a merger , it is benefiting greatly from fallout from the Deloitte-Touche merger . 
Yoshitoki Chino retains his title of chairman of Daiwa , Japan 's second-largest securities firm . 
Employees of the Globe and Mail , a Thomson Corp. newspaper in Toronto , voted to accept a tentative contract agreement Saturday , averting a strike at Canada 's leading daily . 
Last week , when her appeal was argued before the Missouri Court of Appeals , her lawyer also relied on the preamble . 
A sales tax increase would require two-thirds approval in both houses of the state 's legislature . 
Officials there declined to comment , as did Helmsley management . 
He adds that `` they were aware of the propensity for earthquakes and the San Andreas Fault . '' 
Judge Leval reluctantly concluded that a few of Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright . 
USI Far East will hold a 60 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical , according to papers signed with the Philippine government 's Board of Investments . 
Fokker N.V . ( Netherlands ) -- 150 million Swiss francs of convertible bonds due Nov. 15 , 1997 , with a fixed 4 % coupon at par via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Civilized discourse and an environment where compromise can begin are lost in a hostile posture abetted by superficial media interviews . 
Others grab books , records , photo albums , sofas and chairs , working frantically in the fear that an aftershock will jolt the house again . 
Two of Japan 's largest paper manufacturers , Oji Paper Co. and Jujo Paper Co. , posted unconsolidated pretax profit gains from a year earlier for the first half ended Sept. 30 , on continuing robust domestic demand for paper products . 
It also found them rising much more in the Northeast than elsewhere . 
Plugging a cheaper college into the formulas still does n't generate an installment most people can live with . 
In the wake of the Exxon Valdez spill in March , new governmental drilling bans are sharply curtailing exploration in promising locations offshore and in Alaska . 
And Mr. Eddington emphatically rules out a move to London : `` Our lifeblood is Hong Kong traffic rights . '' 
Spurred by growth in world-wide sales of the company 's prescription drugs , Warner-Lambert said 1989 will be the best year in its history , with per-share earnings expected to increase more than 20 % to about $ 6.10 . 
An ebullient Mr. Johnson , wearing a NASA baseball cap and carrying a camera and binoculars , called the launch `` fantastic . '' 
4 . Impose standard accounting and administrative practices . 
Mr. Bond forecast that by next June , `` what will emerge will be a company with a honed sense of purpose ... a stable balance sheet , with good-quality assets in brewing , telecommunications , media and property . '' 
The figures came a day after the government released a report showing that consumer spending propelled U.S. economic expansion in the third quarter while -- on an inflation-adjusted basis -- business investment slowed , government spending declined , and exports were flat . 
The Epilepsy Institute 's reporting of breakthrough seizures stemmed from concerns about the people we treat and care about daily . 
And statements by the chairman of the IG Metall labor union , Franz Steinkuehler , also cast a cloud over trading , dealers said . 
They also support a tax credit for employers to offset the cost of hiring and training workers who temporarily replace employees on parental leave . 
`` We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate ` manipulation ' '' during the past six months , it said , citing the lack of market forces in South Korea 's exchange-rate system and the use of capital and interest-rate controls to manipulate exchange rates . 
Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) of the House Appropriations Committee proposed a $ 2.85 billion emergency funding package to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo . 
ABBIE : `` I 'm OK , Jack . 
That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph . 
The company 's strategy for keeping its computer products business profitable -- it recently achieved profitability after several quarters of losses -- calls for a narrow focus and a lid on expenses . 
A White House spokesman said that while Bush would n't alter a longstanding ban on such involvement , `` there 's a clarification needed '' on its interpretation . 
While no doubt agreeing with Mr. Lawson on everything else , Sir Alan is a dyed-in-the-wool monetarist , inclined to defend floating rates to the death . 
At about 10:40 a.m. on the over-the-counter trading desk at a major brokerage firm , a veteran trader who buys and sells some of the most active stocks looked at a senior official and asked , `` What 's going on ? 
Mr. Schwarz says the competition `` broadens the base of opportunity for us . '' 
Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , `` Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , '' is a refreshingly clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization , and must be welcomed as such by all Americans who wish his country well . 
Short interest in the American depositary receipts of Jaguar , the target of both Ford Motor and General Motors , more than doubled . 
Shelly Lazarus , 42 , was named president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct , the direct mail division of WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency . 
Now , though , enormous costs for earthquake relief will pile on top of outstanding costs for hurricane relief . 
Carried even further , some investors assumed that since leveraged buy-outs are the only thing propping up stock prices , the market would collapse if no more LBOs could be done . 
ENERGY : The attitude was `` wait-and-see '' in crude oil futures yesterday in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
Under the program , Norfolk plans to acquire shares in the open market . 
But CBOE and Amex officials said that Options Clearing Corp. contributed $ 20 million to the guarantee , the CBOE put up $ 8 million , the Amex added $ 4 million and $ 18 million came from Mr. Fossett 's own assets . 
I 've learned the hard way that too much booze Takes revenge the next day about nine ; No wonder I say , `` I drink to your health '' -- It certainly is n't to mine ! 
For the quarter , BankAmerica said it earned $ 254 million , or $ 1.16 a share , compared with $ 190 million , or 97 cents a share , a year earlier . 
These days he hustles to house-painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics . 
The company says those holdings constitute the third-biggest real-estate portfolio in Belgium . 
A special committee of United Merchants directors said that in view of uncertainties regarding various legal and financial considerations , it could n't recommend the plan to the full board . 
Visiting Nicaragua , he praised the Sandinistas for their electoral system and chided the Bush administration for not rewarding the Sandinistas . 
That complex bid was billed as France 's largest takeover ever ( this one is slightly smaller ) . 
Conservative Republicans will be given the choice of supporting or fighting their party 's popular president in an election year . 
Gold stocks are n't cheap on this basis , either , with many selling for 20 times earnings or more . 
The new breed of team owner , Mr. Jones included , has been fighting the NFL bureaucracy for a greater say in league affairs , and the battle has produced a form of organizational gridlock . 
In 1988 , the company earned $ 822.8 million , or $ 5.66 a share , on sales of $ 12.49 billion . 
Much depends on the opposition , a loose group of regional and ideological parties led by former Gandhi cabinet minister Vishwanath Pratap Singh . 
`` They were on the road to recovery in terms of customer attitudes until this bad quarter happened . '' 
The announcement fueled speculation for future advances in the shares . 
The first two games of the World Series between the Oakland Athletics and San Francisco Giants did n't finish in the top 10 ; instead they landed in 16th and 18th place . 
Wells Rich first popularized the Benson & Hedges brand more than 20 years ago with ads portraying , among other things , an elevator door closing on a passenger 's cigarette . 
The conference opened Monday with glowing reports about consumer magazines ' growth in circulation and advertising revenue in the past year . 
Mr. Gatward has spent a lot of time since late September at MTM 's headquarters ; he eliminated three departments and fired six executives , according to the TVS spokesman . 
Jerell paid Ms. Garratt royalties for the line known as Multiples by Sandra Garratt , which are sold primarily through department stores . 
Merchants discovered a consumer largely ignored by higher-priced furriers : the younger woman -- even in her late 20s -- who never thought she could buy a mink . 
If he sponsored a contest on how a bureaucrat mishandled something , Mr. Lesko admits , `` I 'd get 5,000 entries . '' 
EC inflation was seen at 4.8 % in 1989 , higher than 1988 's 3.6 % price rise . 
Because the cycle of poverty along the lower Mississippi goes back so many generations , breaking this cycle will be next to impossible . 
That , coupled with lower semiconductor prices and higher semiconductor-depreciation expense , contributed to the decline in sales and profit . 
Vista Chemical rose 1 3\/8 to 38 5\/8 after Bear Stearns added the stock to the firm 's buy list , citing recent price weakness . 
As it is , we identify national goals and the threats to these goals , we shape a strategy to counter these threats , we determine the forces needed to execute the strategy , before finally forging the budgets needed to build and maintain the forces . 
`` There 's very little upside to sterling , '' Mr. Roberts says , but he adds that near-term losses may be small because the selling wave that followed Mr. Major 's appointment apparently has run its course . 
However , skeptics caution that this kind of cross-pollination between brokers and investment bankers looks great on paper , but does n't always happen . 
This is in response to George Melloan 's Business World column `` The Housing Market Is a Bigger Mess Than You Think '' ( op-ed page , Sept. 26 ) . 
First , he unceremoniously sacked Tom Landry , the legendary coach who took the Cowboys to five Super Bowls and 20 consecutive winning seasons . 
An international group approved a formal ban on ivory trade despite objections from southern African governments , which threatened to find alternative channels for selling elephant tusks . 
Earlier this year , Texas Air 's Eastern Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
Marni Rice plays the maid with so much edge as to steal her two scenes . 
The real jury returned days later with a $ 345 million victory for Energy Transportation . 
Liberty National exchanged about 78.64 shares of its common stock for each of Florence Deposit 's 5,600 shares outstanding . 
Bolinas -- astride the San Andreas Fault . 
Equally importantly , the treasury secretary has spearheaded the administration effort to bring the U.S. dollar down by shopping avidly for West German marks and Japanese yen . 
The December contract declined 1.85 cents a pound to $ 1.2645 . 
`` From the beginning , { they } knew we had a goal and a dream , '' says Mr. Guber . 
Treasury bonds ended with losses of as much as 1\/4 point , or about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
On Monday , the company , a provider of environmental consulting services , reported a wider fiscal fourth-quarter loss and predicted a loss for its fiscal 1990 first quarter , but said a profit is expected for all of fiscal 1990 . 
The stock split , which is subject to holder approval , would be paid on a still unspecified date in January to holders of record Dec. 21 . 
`` People were waiting to see if we would take an additional provision '' for medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries , a Citicorp spokesman said . 
But service on the line is expected to resume by noon today . 
Ghost towns dot the Namib dunes , proving diamonds are n't forever . 
Now , after only a dozen moves , spectators were looking for a mating combination . 
But other Japanese institutions say privately that they are considering asking to join the 59-dealer selling group . 
PepsiCo said its soft-drink prices were about 2 % higher in the quarter . 
BankAmerica dropped 1 1\/4 to 29 1\/2 on 2.3 million shares amid rumors that the earthquake last week in the San Francisco area had caused structural damage to its headquarters building . 
But ultimately he was undone by forces unleashed by his own comrade , Mr. Gorbachev . 
It 's not an effort to steal the company '' in the middle of the night . 
Now the wildlife refuge has been closed to the industry , possibly for years . 
Chez Panisse , whose founder , Alice Waters , is considered the inventor of the cooking style known as California cuisine and whose patrons make reservations a month in advance , has n't exactly subjected diners to vanilla ice cream because of the theft . 
Japanese government bonds showed little change . 
Copyright 1989 by Reed Publishing USA . 
The turmoil in junk bonds may last for years , investors and traders say . 
In East Germany , where humor has long been the only way to express political criticism , they 're not laughing about their new leader Egon Krenz . 
California Health Facilities Financing Authority -- $ 114 million of health facility revenue bonds ( Catholic Healthcare West ) , Series 1989A , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
In 1979 , two Voyager spacecraft sent back stunning photos of Jovian moons Io and Europa that showed them to be among the most intriguing bodies in the solar system . 
Data Resources ' Mr. Wyss added that he will be keeping a closer eye than ususal on October chain-store sales . 
With no petroleum-related news or changes in the fundamentals to dictate price moves , `` technicians are wanting to sell this stuff , '' said Eric Bolling of Edge Trading Corp . 
The units are the Edelmann , Ideal and Plews divisions . 
He said , while dialogue is important , enough forums already exist `` in which different interests '' can express themselves . 
In the newspapers , on the radio and TV , psyllium is everywhere . '' 
The suit seeks `` in excess of $ 350,000 in damages . '' 
Claiming program trading has turned the Big Board into a `` gambling casino , '' Contel Chairman Charles Wohlstetter said that he and at least 20 other corporate executives are forming an unprecedented alliance . 
In such situations , he says , the house `` is going to put the best light on things . '' 
The reaction to the UAL debacle `` is mindless , '' says John Connolly , chief market strategist at Dean Witter . 
Operating expenses increased 2.6 % to $ 2.04 billion , including one-time pretax charges of $ 40 million for labor contract signing bonuses . 
`` We are retaking the instruments of administration , '' says Raul Robles , a Pemex subdirector . 
Bob Stone stewed over a letter from his manager putting him on probation for insubordination . 
Stelco said it has an option to lease a 350,000-square-foot building in Brantford and proposes to spend 24.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 20.9 million ) on the facility . 
It traded as high as $ 64 a month ago , before the loss projection . 
Who wants to end up as the protagonist in a Bill Cohen morality play ? 
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business . 
Shearson , a 62%-owned unit of American Express Co. , did n't have enough time to update its market commentary so , `` We decided to kill our strategy pieces , '' says Jack Rivkin , the head of Shearson 's research department . 
GAF faces potential fines of $ 500,000 for each count . 
In addition to his interest in ozone depletion he has extensively studied the related topic of global warming , a theory that mankind 's generation of carbon dioxide through increased combustion of fossil fuels is creating a `` greenhouse effect '' that will work important climatic changes in the earth 's atmosphere over time . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 176.1 million shares . 
Must it now accept that one of its strongest allies blames it for the genocide of another people ? 
He said the company was `` encouraged by feedback '' it received from selected customers now testing Version 1.1 . 
`` I always thought Pepperidge Farm was tasty and high quality , '' Mrs. Lombardi says . 
Jamaica costs 504 punts . 
`` Everybody appreciates that it is a national disaster and that we 've got to address it , '' said Mr. Darman , who came to the Capitol to meet with Mr. Whitten and California lawmakers before the committee session . 
In recent months , sales of home improvement items have sagged , along with sales of other big ticket durable goods . 
Silver Spring , Md . 
Japanese electronic giants , such as Sony Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. , have focused almost entirely on HDTV hardware , and virtually ignored software or programs shot in high-definition . 
Wall Street traders and analysts estimate that takeover stock traders own UAL stock and options equal to as many as 6.5 million shares , or about 30 % of the total outstanding . 
Or an interest in a retirement community in Nevada that will knock your socks off , once it is built ? 
The White House got the better of the exchange but took care not to press its advantage to the kind of constitutional confrontation sought by conservative Republicans who do n't want any congressional oversight of intelligence activities . 
Locally elected school boards , especially in our larger cities , become the prey of ambitious , generally corrupt , and invariably demagogic local politicians or would-be politicians . 
The closely held Sunnyvale , Calif. , company also will announce an agreement to supply computers to Control Data Corp. , which will sell Mips machines under its own label . 
Mr. Grobstein 's appointment formalizes a role he has been performing since the merger , a spokeswoman said . 
The dividend is payable Dec. 15 to stock of record Nov. 15 . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
He said Drexel -- the leading underwriter of high-risk junk bonds -- could no longer afford to sell any junk offerings if they might later become troubled because Drexel risked losing its highly lucrative junk franchise . 
Wisely Ms. Bogart has kept Gorky 's time and place intact . 
NORDSTROM INC. , Seattle , retailer , annual sales $ 2.33 billion , OTC , five of this 59-store chain 's nine stores in the Bay Area were closed yesterday , damage appears primarily cosmetic , hopes to reopen four of the stores by today and the fifth by Saturday . 
West Germany 's BMW commissioned the Nuremberg post office to test a prototype battery-powered car . 
That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications , positive and negative , of the proposed resolutions to those problems , and to avoid creating a marketplace where no one trades . 
Bankers worry that if the government makes good a threat to withdraw its guarantee commitments , shippers will counter with a hail of lawsuits . 
One of the major selling points used by Los Angeles financier Alfred Checchi in getting the takeover approved was that the deal did n't include any junk bonds . 
CBS pursues top sports `` to belie the fact that they are n't supporting affiliates , viewers and advertisers , '' charges Thomas H. Wyman , who was ousted as chairman of CBS Inc. after Laurence A. Tisch bought a 24.9 % stake in the company and took over three years ago . 
Dan Rather served as emcee . 
Now , two-for-one deals on pizza are common ; so are 99-cent specials on sandwiches normally priced twice as high . 
The House version of the bill would make debt non-deductible if it pays five percentage points above Treasury notes , has at least a five-year maturity and does n't pay interest for at least one year out of the first five . 
Now , in the wake of UAL 's troubles in financing its buy-out , the airline raiding game has been grounded . 
And telephone or videotape depositions just do n't match physical encounters . 
The debt was reoffered priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 . 
Fierce bidding for young employees in Hong Kong is pushing up Cathay 's labor costs by 20 % a year for low-level staff , while experienced , skilled employees are leaving the colony as part of the brain drain . 
But that was not the case at NBC News , which has been dogged with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories . 
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds . 
It was considered a victory for Democratic leaders , who favor a law barring flag burning . 
On so-called Manic Monday , Oct. 16 , stock prices plunged across Europe and trading problems erupted . 
But the AS\/400 , IBM 's highly successful minicomputer line , is losing its momentum , and some analysts said sales could even decline in the fourth quarter . 
They 'd actually left the Soviet Union with $ 480 , but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
On Wall Street yesterday , northern California 's killer earthquake was just another chance to make a buck . 
As you can see , the capital-gains reduction plan adopted by the House would not be temporary , but permanent . 
In recent weeks , traders said , Chemical has sold more than $ 1 billion of tax-free bonds . 
The Bush administration is seeking an understanding with Congress to ease restrictions on U.S. involvement in foreign coups that might result in the death of a country 's leader . 
Charles A. Pearce , 66 years old , will retire from his post as chief executive officer of this bank holding company effective Dec. 31 . 
He said Bancroft attorneys are scheduled to meet with Mr. Green 's attorneys in Delaware Chancery Court at the end of this week to respond to the investor 's request for company records for the past five years . 
Mr. Rubendall could n't be reached . 
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank . 
But a congressional source close to the panel said the rule only covered coup plans directly involving the U.S. . 
But according to bankers and stock analysts who have studied the paper mill , price is n't the only consideration . 
`` For there to be wind in the sails of any program , the chief executive has to be blowing in the sails , '' says Rep. Burton . 
Sotheby 's Holdings Inc. , the parent of the auction house Sotheby 's , said its net loss for the seasonally slow third quarter narrowed from a year earlier on a leap in operating revenue . 
In the beginning , the treasury secretary and the comptroller of the currency were both ex officio members of the Federal Reserve Board . 
A women said she saw the park 's light standards sway . 
Tartan currently produces gold at a cash operating cost of $ 393 an ounce , which is high by industry standards and $ 25 or so above the current spot price . 
In such positions , he explained , `` you have to create something new , and the computer is n't able to do that right now . '' 
At IBM , the company 's Open Door system is sometimes the subject of memorandums from the chief executive . 
So , it is n't surprising that consumer-credit delinquencies at banks remain , as the chart shows , reassuringly below some earlier highs ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 23 , 1989 ) . 
West German government officials and Western analysts are doubtful . 
But the market really is n't going to be stood on its head , '' said a banker at one of Frankfurt 's Big Three banks . 
By the end of 1973 , the number of `` underlying '' Big Board stocks had been increased to 50 and the options exchange had run up volume of 1.1 million contracts . 
Honeywell Inc. got a $ 22.3 million Navy contract for aircraft missile warning sets . 
Second quarter , June 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : $ 6.52 vs. $ 5.77 
The reported figures for the public sector borrowing requirement include receipts from the sale of state-owned industries . 
A direct hit on a major city , Mr. Goldberg figures , would cause $ 20 billion to $ 40 billion of damage . 
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims . 
Experienced resistance commanders wanted to use guerrilla action and siege tactics to wear down the regime . 
`` This is the worst shakeout ever in the junk market , and it could take years before it 's over , '' says Mark Bachmann , a senior vice president at Standard & Poor 's Corp. , a credit rating company . 
The company said its core businesses have performed well and it expects them to continue to do so in the remainder of the fiscal year . 
Previously it had proposed seven years of 5.5 % increases . 
By that , he means low-margin but low-risk products such as certain types of primary property insurance . 
The joint venture , Uno-Ven Co. , would generate total annual revenue of about $ 500 million and have 1,100 employees , a Unocal spokesman said . 
Among engineering firms , CRS Sirrine rose 5\/8 to 34 1\/4 on the Big Board and four others rallied on the American Stock Exchange : Jacobs Engineering Group , which gained 1 1\/8 to 25 3\/8 , Greiner Engineering , which rose 3 1\/2 to 22 1\/2 ; Michael Baker , which added 1 1\/4 to 15 1\/4 , and American Science & Engineering , up 1\/2 to 8 1\/2 . 
The key Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index ended 10.2 points lower at 2179.1 , above its intraday low of 2176.9 , but off the day 's high of 2189 . 
Separately , the bill gives authority to the Department of Housing and Urban Development to facilitate the refinancing of high-interest loans subsidized by the government under the so-called Section 235 home-ownership program for lower-income families . 
And Navigation Mixte has a huge hidden attraction . 
`` The success of a new product in the database line is needed . 
Had zeros been available in 1972 and had parents bought a face amount equal to four years ' tuition at the time , aiming for their children 's 1988 enrollment , they would have been left with only enough to pay for two years , Mr. Anderson figures . 
About 1,100 Chinese were awaiting repatriation yesterday . 
Last year , the prisons ' sales to the Pentagon totaled $ 336 million . 
Unlike the quarter 's results , which were based on roughly equal shares outstanding , nine-month per-share figures reflect an increase in average common shares outstanding to 51.9 million from 47 million . 
The leader in real estate brand names is developer Ara Hovnanian . 
But investors looking for alternatives are n't finding it easy . 
To try to combat the traffic slowdown , airlines started reducing fares ; average fares rose only 1.7 % in August , in contrast to increases of 16 % each in February and March . 
The units have worked on 37 investment banking deals this year , he says , though not all of them have panned out . 
And the league is trying to get more for its three-year national network contract , which expires after this season . 
Analog Devices Inc. said it may purchase as many as one million of its common shares over the next several months . 
A majority stake in Paxus currently held by NZI Corp. will be diluted to slightly less than 50 % after IBM acquires its interest . 
But when asked what exactly he does in business , he immediately takes offense . 
A mix of CDs and other holdings may make the most sense . 
In addition , the principles attempt to eliminate the so-called Delaney Paradox . 
But GM 's results also illustrate the increasing diversity of its operations . 
But Burns confesses in an interview : `` That 's not my handwriting . 
You can go only up or down ( by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot ) and ride the air currents . 
One variation that appealed to me at first was the `` Money Smart Term Life '' policy offered by Amex Life Insurance Co. , the American Express unit , to the parent company 's credit-card holders . 
If you 're going to take the risk in this market , you want something extra . '' 
The $ 3.18 billion bid , which had been rumored since last week , `` creates a better feeling that there 's value in the market at current levels and renews prospects for a hot tape , '' says A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research Corp . 
We think this is a superior deal to McCaw 's . 
Sandoz AG , a major Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said that its group sales rose 25 % to 9.482 billion francs ( $ 5.80 billion ) in the first nine months of this year , with strong gains in all divisions . 
Stock prices fell and bonds rose as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market . 
Statistics from 12 countries which normally account for 94 % of non-communist Europe 's passenger car sales showed new car registrations totaled 911,606 in September , down 21 % from August and down 4.2 % for the year to date . 
Also , as former Reagan antitrust chief Charles Rule has noted , this would `` establish the precedent that the government may charge parties for the privilege of being sued regardless of whether the government prevails . '' 
CMS Enhancements Inc. said it estimates that sales and earnings for the fiscal first quarter ended Sept. 30 fell somewhat from the year-earlier period . 
L.J. Hooker , based in Atlanta , filed for Chapter 11 protection in August and has also announced its intention to sell its B. Altman & Co. department store chain . 
It also made artful use of semantics , redefining as non-strategic industries some that had been in the national domain . 
I have not offered and will not offer routine therapy with the two drugs , levamisole and 5-fluorouracil , to any of my colon-cancer patients . 
It 's not clear whether Aska plans to buy more shares . 
MacMillan Bloedel , a Vancouver , British Columbia , forest products concern , said the 8.1 % loan is due Oct. 16 , 1996 . 
Add the fact that any one of them , including Pa , could be her attacker , and you have a setting that does n't resemble small-town America , or even Hollywood 's nightmare of small-town America , so much as a paranoid feminist dystopia like Margaret Atwood 's `` The Handmaid 's Tale , '' itself soon to be ( you guessed it ) a Hollywood movie . 
You can drive piles on it and build on it . '' 
I mean , these folks are so uptight that they blame pretty Kate for the fact that when she was a teen-ager , someone tied her hands behind her back , thrust her head into a gunny sack , brutally raped and beat her , and then left her to die in a cold-storage room . 
He insisted , as he has before , that creditors would be paid in full under the plan . 
Tell us what measure , short of house arrest , will get this Congress under control . 
`` He 's done this thing where he 'll buy a little bit of a company and then trade out of it . 
A year earlier , the savings bank had earnings of $ 8.1 million , or 33 cents a share . 
In the past five years , the company 's sales have grown to $ 80 million from $ 26 million . 
In the nine months , GM Hughes net fell 6.6 % to $ 486.6 million , or $ 1.48 a share , from $ 521 million , or $ 1.58 a share . 
For now , he says , `` we 're looking at buying some small companies with niche markets in the personal-computer business . '' 
The directors signaled , however , that they would be willing to consider future offers or take some other action to maximize shareholder value , saying they would continue to explore `` all strategic and financial alternatives . '' 
Specifically , the law says the rates must closely reflect what the company 's actual expenses have been to replace damaged cars . 
This of course led to disaster in New York City . 
They 'd like to see some other names in their portfolios , '' said Michael S. Appelbaum , first vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Of Hoechst 's 40.9 billion marks in group sales in 1988 , 200 million marks came from sales of CFCs . 
UAL 's management agreed to reduce the seniority of those pilots in exchange for the support of the United pilot union for the buy-out proposal . 
The worker 's tart reply : `` It 's more than just travel . 
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress that the Fed can wipe out inflation without causing a recession , but he said doing so will inflict some short-term pain and will require reducing the federal deficit sharply . 
In May 1988 , an ammonium perchlorate plant in Henderson owned by an American Pacific Corp. unit was leveled by a series of explosions . 
Dealers said the market was underpinned by a squeeze in FT-SE 100 stocks , particularly among market-makers seeking shares that had been hit hard in recent weeks , such as retailers and building-related concerns . 
Mr. Bebear contended that the tax cost to the exchanges under the revised structure would be about $ 8 million a year , which he described as `` peanuts . 
Not a great deal . 
World Bank ( agency ) -- # 100 million of 10 7\/8 % bonds due Aug. 15 , 1994 , offered at 96.95 to yield 11.71 % , via Baring Brothers & Co . 
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
A year earlier , net included a $ 700,000 taxlow carry-forward . 
But passenger-kilometers , the distance flown while carrying people , increased 5.3 % in 1988 . 
People often cite frugality and distrust of banks to justify cash caches to the IRS . 
By October , when the committee rejected a much more modest covert proposal , even the administration was agreeing little should be done . 
The Navy is ordering displays for its Aegis cruisers and the Army wants smaller versions for its Abrams battle tanks . 
`` Depending on the president , we could either be a trillion-dollar economy by the end of the century or stay where we are , '' says political scientist Amaury de Souza . 
The stock fell 3 1\/4 to 73 1\/4 on 3.4 million shares . 
The passenger railroad said it terminated some runs in Sacramento , relying on buses to ferry passengers to the Bay area . 
After 16 weeks , the group that took three daily teaspoons of Metamucil saw a significant dip in their general cholesterol levels , and an even larger reduction in levels of low-density lipoproteins , the so-called bad cholesterol . 
The company said the debentures are being issued at an issue price of $ 849 for each $ 1,000 principal amount and are convertible at any time prior to maturity at a conversion price of $ 25 a share . 
Yamaichi said its pretax profit increased 8.9 % to 117.94 billion yen from 108.28 billion yen . 
`` At this point , the minimill capacity wo n't make a great dent in the integrated market , but it does challenge them to develop new markets , '' says James McCall , vice president , materials , at Battelle , a technology and management-research giant based in Columbus , Ohio . 
( The press had a field day with questions about what would happen to `` six-footer , '' `` yardstick '' and `` inchworm . '' ) 
The two sides now are accusing each other of lying . 
Some fund managers say inflows could increase in coming days as a result of stock selling in the wake of Friday 's 190.58 point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
Yet Sierra 's hard-line stance has created something of a rift in the organization , which estimates that 17 % of its 500,000 members own mountain bikes . 
`` We have the structure , people and plan , '' Mr. Isler said in a statement . 
The group 's bid for $ 34.2 million of wastewater treatment bonds , Series 1989 B , produced a 7.0808 % true interest cost . 
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul . 
And on Mr. Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife bought a book detailing the big homer and sent it off to Mr. Thomson to be autographed . 
HDTV already has some military applications , such as creating realistic flight simulations and transmitting information to combat commanders . 
`` Maybe we should take it as a compliment . '' 
The National Restaurant Association says quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14 % to 131,146 between 1983 and 1987 , the last year for which figures are available . 
Recently , Gen-Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non-viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA . 
And the question remains whether the jury system can maintain its integrity while undergoing such a skillful massage . 
The demonstration was non-violent and involved only a simple misdemeanor , but its impact on that individual was violent and terminal . 
The exploration side of the unit has recently undergone a similar overhaul , during which it also lost as many as 400 employees , a company spokesman said in response to questions . 
The penthouse elevator started up from the Gutfreund landing , and Susan Gutfreund used to turn off its light , to give the impression that there was no higher floor . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.59 % . 
Military buyers have shown interest , National says , because ferroelectric chips resist atomic radiation . 
JURY CONVICTS congressman in connection with Wedtech Corp. scandal . 
They were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
Showing Up in Court Without Being There 
Other technology stocks that were weaker included Intel , which fell 1 1\/4 to 33 1\/2 on 1.9 million shares , Mentor Graphics , down 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 on 1.6 million shares , Sun Microsystems , which slipped 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 , and MCI Communications , down 1 to 42 3\/4 . 
And real estate usually has n't traded well under public ownership . 
The report by the Western government , which declines to be identified , concludes that `` a near-term foreign-exchange payment problem can be avoided only if import growth drops to below 5 % per annum . '' 
Federal Data Corp. was issued a $ 14.5 million Navy contract for computer systems . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 0.7 % , or 3.35 , to 463.28 . 
He said shipments are continuing at a `` healthy '' pace and the company has no excess inventory . 
Auto production for the first half of the fiscal year , which began in August , totaled 6,379,884 units , the association said . 
He then made most of the changes , pilots say . 
There 's a beautiful , Coplandesque motif -- he 'd kill me if he heard me say that -- throughout the first movement ... 
NBC was second with a 13.9 rating and 24 share followed by CBS Inc. 's television network with a 12.5 rating and 21 share . 
The anticipated drop follows a 3.9 % rise in August . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367.30 an ounce , up 20 cents . 
Thursdays , Nov. 2-23 , 10-11 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Taiwan : The Other China . '' 
Big Board officials would n't comment publicly . 
Mr. Shannon was seeking a waiver of NRC policy that ignores financial considerations in making licensing decisions . 
The A 's offensive showing in the Series got an A , as in awesome . 
Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an `` order , resolution or vote '' or anything else , Presidents must have the chance to veto . 
The industry used 82.2 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.8 % the previous week and 84 % a year ago . 
Excluding those businesses , earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation for 1988 would have been $ 728.5 million . 
The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits , and he often obliges . 
`` They 've stepped up to the plate to take the write-downs , but when markets head down , a company is always exposed to further negative surprises , '' Mr. Hoyt said . 
`` Property values did n't go up in California yesterday , '' says one money manager . 
The government spent most of last year attempting to carry out such a plan but was thwarted when the parent Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute . 
The industry enjoyed six prosperous years beginning in 1980 , but since 1986 sales have languished at their $ 1.8 billion peak . 
Amateur spy-chaser Clifford Stoll is a real person , or as he might waggishly put it , a surreal person . 
State monopolies will keep on stifling trade , `` free '' prices or not , until something else replaces them . 
In papers filed with the federal district court in Pittsburgh , the Justice Department alleged that the ordinance , by limiting the number of group homes that can be established in the township , makes housing unavailable on account of handicap . 
a nun raising some lovable orphans . 
Small crops are grown in Pakistan , France , Spain , Italy , Belgium and Brazil , but their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium . 
The so-called Louvre accord was seen to have set ranges of 1.70 marks to 1.90 marks and 120 yen to 140 yen . 
Former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick , in a CNN `` Capital Gang '' discussion Oct. 7 of House action on federal catastrophic-illness insurance : 
That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package . 
If you find sound , healthy companies in Japan , they are not for sale , '' said George Watanabe , a management-consultant at Tokyo-based Asia Advisory Services Inc . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.72 , unchanged ; spot index 129.97 , off 0.19 . 
Ratings under review are Ryder 's A-1 collateral trust debentures , A-2 senior notes and bonds , A-2 preferred stock and the company 's Prime-1 rating for commercial paper . 
Succeeding Mr. Whittington at Morgan Grenfell & Co. is Richard Webb , 50 , currently deputy chairman . 
Sales of electrical devices rose 13 % to 283.8 billion yen from 251.8 billion yen . 
The subject of the movie `` Lean on Me , '' Mr. Clark controlled his school with a bullhorn and a baseball bat . 
`` Pickin ' one or two , '' says the guide , chuckling . 
The drug , called adenocard , returns the heart to a normal rhythm within seconds , according to Lyphomed . 
Prudential 's Final Four 
But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive `` mini-component '' sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other . 
Enserch Corp. said about 12 million , or 93 % , of the publicly traded units of its limited partnership , Enserch Exploration Partners Ltd. , were tendered in response to an offer that expired Monday . 
The agency , which is funded through insurance premiums from employers , insures pension benefits for some 30 million private-sector workers who take part in single-employer pension plans . 
`` They want to pretend it does n't exist , '' he said . 
The three-month-old strike at Nynex seriously hurt the installation of new telephone lines in the quarter . 
In his affidavit , Mr. Yetnikoff accused Warner Chairman Steven J. Ross of having an `` antiSony , anti-Japanese bias '' and said that Mr. Ross had tried to talk him out of letting Sony buy CBS Records two years ago for that reason . 
Call Jim Wright 's office in downtown Fort Worth , Texas , these days and the receptionist still answers the phone , `` Speaker Wright 's office . '' 
It is extraordinary that the British Treasury thought it could prevent a trade deficit by inflating the pound . 
Provigo plans to sell all non-food operations to refocus on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
Consumers have been accustomed to buying soft-drinks at discounted prices for several years . 
In the best of times , the Bay Bridge is the worst commute in the region , often experiencing back-ups of 20 to 30 minutes or more . 
In its latest annual report , Lilly said Humulin sales have shown `` excellent growth . '' 
Company officials also said that any gain from the sale of Westinghouse 's 55 % stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter . 
Litigation consulting is n't a guarantee of a favorable outcome . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plan would miss projections by $ 100 million . 
`` But by and large this company has only been profitable . '' 
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . '' 
Sometimes , they 'll choose Ragu spaghetti sauce ; other times , it will be Prego . 
Mercedes sold 82,348 cars in 1988 . 
The oil company claims that it had permission from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency prior to the spill to use dispersant during such an incident at the discretion of the U.S. Coast Guard . 
He succeeds Harry A. Durney , 65 , who is retiring from active duty but remains a director and consultant . 
The economic ideas in the document are much bolder than current policies . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Ashton-Tate closed yesterday at $ 10 a share , up 62.5 cents . 
Fox attracts a young audience with shows such as `` Married ... With Children , '' its most successful series . 
If goods are shipped to Bloomingdale 's between Oct. 1 and Oct. 20 , manufacturers expect to be paid by Nov. 10 . 
The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft faces a six-year journey to explore Jupiter and its 16 known moons . 
Although the jobs will probably pay between $ 70,000 and $ 80,000 a year , IRS officials are confident that they can attract top-notch candidates from the private sector . 
`` Tax reform is working , '' the study said . 
Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . '' 
Managers have `` some very broad discretion , '' says an official at Walt Disney Co . 
DRACULA 'S BUSY this time of year , but a visit to his Transylvania castle is part of a Chicago-based Unitours trip in the spring , presumably the count 's off-season . 
The amount of blood surgical patients can donate and store before surgery can be increased by the new genetically engineered drug , EPO . 
Lawmakers must decide next month whether the Contras will get so-called humanitarian aid under a bipartisan agreement reached in March . 
Merrill , in a statement by Chairman William A. Schreyer and President Daniel P. Tully , said index arbitrage `` has been clearly identified in the investing public 's mind as a contributing factor to excess market volatility , '' so Merrill wo n't execute such trades until `` effective controls '' are in place . 
Galileo 's photos of Europa will be more than 1,000 times as sharp as Voyager 's , according to Torrence Johnson , Galileo 's project scientist , and may show whether it actually has the only known ocean other than those on Earth . 
The government will penalize offenders , but wo n't confiscate property . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera 's new order has n't arrived without resistance . 
Mr. Coffee is a professor at Columbia Law School . 
Banks want to see someone putting up real cash at risk , that is , subordinate to the bank debt in any deal . 
Mr. Mastro has been with the New York U.S. attorney 's office for nearly five years . 
THE STOCK of Applied Power Inc. , which split 2-for-1 in May , has risen since August 1988 . 
`` It was crazy , '' said Neil Weisman , general partner of Chilmark Capital Corp . 
`` As a general rule , prior-review programs have not made case-by-case assessments of the comparative costs of alternative treatments or sites of care . '' 
Eastern Municipal Water District , Calif. -- $ 56,565,000 of 1989 certificates of participation ( treatment plant projects ) , via competitive bid . 
Archive Corp. said it expects to report net income for its fiscal year ended Sept. 29 of a record $ 15 million , or $ 1.15 a share , up 43 % from $ 10.5 million , or 80 cents a share , for the prior year . 
John F. Merrill 
The 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act is about eliminating discriminatory barriers . 
The year-earlier period included $ 40.1 million , or 41 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
Houston-based Maryland Club Foods , which had sales of about $ 200 million last year , sells coffee under the Maryland Club and Butter-Nut brands to restaurants , hotels , offices and airlines . 
It is known in the Pentagon as the `` negative wedge . '' 
He said that even though virtually all corn seeds currently planted are hybrids , the genetic approach will obviate the need for mechanical emasculation of anthers , which costs U.S. seed producers about $ 70 million annually . 
New York authorities , informed yesterday about the move , reacted with concern and even some anger to the idea of the nation 's third-largest corporation leaving without giving them an opportunity to accommodate it . 
The noncallable issue is rated double-A-3 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
Finally , the case of Dr. Morgan gave Congress an opportunity to act with unaccustomed decisiveness and to engage in one of its favorite pastimes -- bashing the District of Columbia government . 
`` The issues that are ( now ) being raised , in classic anti-intellectual fashion , fly in the face of a number of post-crash studies , '' said Fred Grauer , chairman of Wells Fargo Investment Advisers . 
Analysts speculated that Marsh & McLennan would spend between 250 million marks ( $ 136.4 million ) and 350 million marks for the rest of Gradmann & Holler , or roughly 25 to 30 times the private firm 's estimated earnings . 
The question of control could further hinder long-delayed plans for the government to divest itself of Philippine Airlines , in which it has a 99 % stake . 
`` We did n't look at it and say , ` Oh my God , something is going to happen , ' '' said Stanley Uhr , vice president and corporate counsel . 
All the preferred stock is held by the Yukon Office Supply Stock Ownership Plan . 
Supporting prices was the announcement late Friday of additional grain sales to the Soviet Union . 
A similiar proposal has been made in the W. Herbert Hunt case although he and the IRS are at odds over the size of the non-dischargable debt he would have to pay to the government from future earnings . 
For the first nine months of the year , Dow earned $ 2.06 billion , or $ 11.41 a share , up 17 % from $ 1.76 billion , or $ 9.32 a share , a year ago . 
Since stock futures were created in 1982 , trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and other exchanges has boomed to the point where trading in stock-index futures rivals that in the stocks themselves . 
With an untrained local labor pool , many experts believe , that policy could drive businesses from the city . 
If , for example , they choose to keep the B-2 Stealth bomber , they would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as carrier battlegroups or army divisions -- as they moved toward lower budget levels . 
Last month , Mr. Curcio was succeeded by Ralph E. Reins as chief executive officer following several quarters of lackluster or declining performance . 
`` The dollar has n't reacted much to it , so gold has n't either , '' he said . 
Fiscal fourth-quarter sales grew about 18 % to $ 1.38 billion from $ 1.17 billion a year earlier . 
One state environmental regulator returned a report because `` it was n't heavy enough , it could n't have been correct , '' Mr. Maguire says . 
Mr. Barr said yesterday 's plea by Gulf Power , which came after months of negotiations , was based on evidence that Gulf Power had set up an elaborate payment system through which it reimbursed outside vendors -- primarily three Florida advertising agencies -- for making illegal political contributions on its behalf . 
Harken , which owns about 800 retail gas stations , has said it is particularly interested in Tesoro 's refinery because it would fill a gap in its business . 
Weyerhaeuser 's pulp and paper operations were up for the nine months , but full-year performance depends on the balance of operating and maintenance costs , plus pricing of certain products , the company said . 
A few years ago , I was on a panel of journalists that discussed the `` image '' of intercollegiate athletics for an audience of campus information directors and others . 
In addition , Mr. Templeton received a dividend of 22 cents a share Oct. 5 . 
-- Arnold J. Zarett . 
The 66-year-old Mr. Lee recently spent an hour discussing the state of Asia and the world with two Journal reporters in his plainly furnished , wood-paneled office . 
`` I 've done over 40 ad agency searches { for clients } , so I have a pretty good notion of what clients are interested in when they look for an agency , '' Mr. Achenbaum said . 
Mr. Engelken turned off the motor and rolled down the window . 
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher alone dissented . 
The collapse of the span has provoked surprise and anger among state officials . 
e - In Canadian dollars . 
In addition to the need for another cash equity investor , the other moving parts include : the pilots themselves , who can scuttle rival deals by threatening to strike ; the machinists union , the pilots ' longtime rivals who helped scuttle the pilots ' deal ; and regulators in Washington , whose opposition to foreign airline investment helped throw the deal into doubt . 
Those investments paid big commissions to First Meridian , payments investors were never told about , the attorney general alleged . 
The portion of OTC volume attributable to program trading is n't known , as it is on the New York Stock Exchange , where it amounted to more than 13 % in September . 
Congress should stop throwing tax dollars out to sea by subsidizing the development of beach communities on ecologically fragile coastal barrier islands , such as the hard-hit Isle of Palms near Charleston . 
`` It 's called bad money driving out good money , '' said one retailing observer . 
A Kodak spokesman declined to disclose the potential value of the contract , which is still in negotiation . 
`` There 's a whole bunch of stuff that 's money good and a whole bunch of stuff that 's not so good . '' 
By late 1988 , they were banning Soviet publications . 
`` This was not a do-or-die deal , '' she said . 
A parliamentary inquiry found in July that more than 70 people living in Britain could have been part of death squads that roamed Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe . 
Leaseway provides transportation services for manufacturers , distributors and retailers . 
In that announcement , TVS also said it was trimming production finance and hiring a new U.S. sales manager . 
But Mr. Guber indicates in his affidavit that not all of the projects will be used . 
In Illinois , lawmakers will vote before next spring on legislation requiring physicians to perform tests on fetuses at 20 weeks to determine their gestational age , weight and lung maturity along with a provision requiring that , if fetuses survive an abortion , a second doctor must be on hand to help it survive . 
No one in the Senate is considering the capital-gains plan passed by the House . 
Quantum stopped shipping the drugs last month , following a federal investigation regarding information the company supplied to obtain three drug approvals . 
Labor problems are the last thing Mr. Smith needs right now . 
As a result , prices paid to farmers for the commodities , which are used in products as diverse as bubble gum and chicken feed , plummet 20 % to 33 % . 
`` They all said they invested huge amounts of money . 
Duriron , a maker of pumps , valves and other controls , said the acquisition wo n't impact its 1989 profit . 
Although conferees are still putting the finishing touches on the package , the final agreement could be announced as early as tomorrow . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
On a percentage basis , Germany Fund Inc. led the gainers , leaping to 67,972 shares from three shares . 
A month ago , the firm started serving dinner at about 7:30 each night ; about 50 to 60 of the 350 people in the investment banking operation have consistently been around that late . 
After all , he says , `` we 've got like 15 million bureaucrats . '' 
That 's not fair ; they 're not all fat . 
But directors of the Great Neck , N.Y. , real estate investment trust did n't act on the common stock dividend . 
In recent months , numerous retailers have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , including Bonwit Teller , B. Altman & Co. , and Miller & Rhoads Inc . 
Mr. Dell attributed the earnings slide to new product delays , such as a laptop scheduled for September that wo n't be introduced until early November . 
PRO BONO VOLUNTARISM : In an effort to stave off a plan that would require all lawyers in New York state to provide twenty hours of free legal aid a year , the state bar recommended an alternative program to increase voluntary participation in pro bono programs . 
But many manufacturers find that communication between different computers has been rendered nearly impossible by the babel of computer languages used by different machines , including robots and machine tools . 
Echo Bay Mines rose 5\/8 to 15 7\/8 ; Pegasus Gold advanced 1 1\/2 to 12 , and Corona Class A gained 1\/2 to 7 1\/2 . 
But whatever their advice about timing , none of these experts recommend jettisoning stocks entirely during a recession . 
Instead , network officials say , it may `` counterprogram '' with shows for an audience that is virtually ignored in that time period : adults . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Now is the time to reform the government from a provider , developing-country vanguard role to that of a modern , industrialized nation in which consumers have the ultimate choice . 
As she rode over regulations , only her friendship with party leaders , including Nguyen Van Linh , then Ho Chi Minh City party secretary , kept her out of jail . 
Purchase of the businesses serving Miami , Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach , Fla. , is part of a plan by Chambers to expand in the growing security industry . 
We do n't want to be party to a second rejection . '' 
Cairo 's spirited squalor also has gone gray . 
So Brooks gave the dirty work to Coin Wrap Inc. , which came up with an unusual solution . 
Yet their best boast is that they produce 32 % of Polish pork . 
`` What really matters is the operating income of the divisions : I look at these numbers and I say , these businesses are doing well , '' said Mark Manson , a vice president of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
But Maidenform officials say that after spending 24 years at Maidenform , Mr. Lesk , 48 , made it clear he wanted the top job . 
Wall Street would like UAL Corp. 's board to change its mind about keeping the company independent . 
For Eurocom , meanwhile , the move gives it a strong U.S. foothold in Della Femina , and more than quadruples the size of its ad agency business world-wide . 
Free markets , free minds and free elections have an appeal that seems to get muddled only when delivered through U.N. organizations -- which of course are made up largely of governments that fear these principles at home . 
At the time , the Fed said the denial , the first ever on such grounds , signaled the agency 's new emphasis on the Community Reinvestment Act . 
They tried to put Mr. Maynard out of business by an act of Congress . 
`` Under the best circumstances such tests are subjective ; when a patient is unconscious , they do n't work at all . 
The scene opens with pinstripe-suited executives -- Easterners , obviously -- glued to cellular phones and hightailing it out of town in chauffeur-driven limousines . 
Institutional building , such as hospitals and schools , eased in September following a surge in August . 
`` There is one sacred rule of journalism , '' John Hersey has said . 
Thus , optimistic entrepreneurs await a promised land of less red tape -- just as soon as Uncle Sam gets around to arranging it . 
After the announcement yesterday , Digital shares gained $ 1.25 to close at $ 89.875 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Stocks of major toy makers rallied in the wake of strong third-quarter earnings reports . 
Hepatitis A , considered the least dangerous strain of the virus , has been confirmed in at least one GTE employee , company and city officials said . 
The same issue threatens to spill over to the foreign aid debate , and Mr. Bush also is threatening to veto any agreement that preserves Senate-passed provisions renewing U.S. support for the United Nations Fund for Population Activities . 
China , under the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek , was a founding member of GATT in 1947 . 
The entertainment concern said the success of several movies released during the quarter , including `` Parenthood '' and `` Uncle Buck , '' contributed to record revenue for its film unit . 
`` I have a mountain bike , yet as a hiker I 've been run off the road by kids careening down a fire trail on them , '' says Gene Coan , an official at Sierra 's headquarters in San Francisco , echoing the concerns of many members . 
The market quickly discounted the weekly inventory report showing a 6.3 million barrel decrease in U.S. crude oil stocks as the legacy of Hurricane Jerry . 
The industrial average ended at 2659.22 , down 3.69 points . 
Not only did his company find $ 20,000 worth of work , but when the approach was suggested , Mr. String says , Brooks officials `` did n't laugh at me or anything . 
Sales for the nine months were up 8 % to $ 5.44 billion from $ 5.04 billion in the same period in 1988 . 
It does not relieve the need for our market-opening efforts for both goods and services , but it does suggest that it is our exports of services , and not just borrowing , that is financing our imports of goods . 
APPLIED MATERIALS INC. , Santa Clara , maker of computer-chip machine systems , annual sales of $ 490 million , OTC , had slight damage to headquarters , no damage to manufacturing plants . 
Shareholders of Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm G.m.b . H. postponed their formal endorsement of a merger with Daimler-Benz AG until another meeting on Nov. 17 . 
But Mr. Foley predicted few economic policy changes ahead , commenting that Mr. Major shares `` a very similar view of the world '' with Mr. Lawson . 
Instead , he proposed a `` law-governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear-cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . '' 
But the plan now is being `` reformulated , '' Delmed said , declining to provide most of the new terms of the combination . 
Los Angeles police say the thieves seem to be part of a crime network that knows how to convert blank tickets into real ones . 
OPEC is currently producing more than 22 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million , according to OPEC and industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the Oil Daily and the International Herald Tribune . 
Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however . 
The term greenmail refers to a situation where a company pays a premium over market value to repurchase a stake held by a potential acquirer . 
The two-part issue consists of $ 200 million of senior subordinated reset notes maturing in 1997 and $ 150 million of subordinated floating rate notes also maturing in 1997 . 
The inverse trading relationship between bonds and stocks was interrupted yesterday as bonds fell despite a modest decline in stock prices . 
`` If you want the presidency of the company , this is n't the firm to work for , '' says James Mogan , 45 , who was named senior vice president of sales , assuming some of the responsibilities of Mr. Lesk . 
It ripens later than most apples , and growing it in U.S. areas with chilly autumns may be tricky . 
U.S. buyers have already been lined up . 
The company said that it is selling two million shares and that the rest are being sold by certain stockholders . 
In August , soon after Wang Laboratories Inc. reported a staggering $ 424.3 million loss and replaced its president , two Boston sales representatives sent customers a letter saying : `` We fully expect that you will soon be reading stories in the press reporting the ` Amazing Comeback at Wang . ' '' 
However , the thought of a living player selling his checks rubs some people the wrong way . 
The prices of most livestock futures contracts had dropped sharply Monday . 
The machine began shipping at the end of last year . 
But few knew it then and most still think all pencils are wooden . 
If you think you have stress-related problems on the job , there 's good news and bad news . 
So what 's the best way to buy stocks ? 
Executives at Sharon declined to comment on the proposal . 
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the leading Republican proponent of the tax cut , did n't disagree . 
The 13.25 % subordinated debentures due 2002 were issued in August 1987 as part of the $ 690 million financing for a leveraged buy-out of the company . 
Thus , the proteins from the yeast are molecularly more like human proteins than those from bacteria . 
The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of the vice president and groups of local officials and had offered to dispatch a helicopter to pick him up . 
Judges will write the real bill as suits roll through the courts . 
Stocks that suffered on the day were those with active U.S. operations , dealers noted . 
The compromise bill passed the House last week but has now provoked jurisdictional fights with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , which jealously protects its prerogatives over operations at the State Department . 
Mr. Simonds-Gooding conceded that British Satellite 's potential U.K. lenders `` are saying , ` When you 're on the air , you 'll { actually } get the money . ' '' 
Mr. Green could n't be reached . 
But the general practice makes it more difficult to combine small groups of people into larger groups , thus spreading the risk over a larger base of premiums . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled a sweetened pension and early-retirement program for management that it hopes will enable it to save $ 450 million in the next year . 
And not just for the players . 
There are , unfortunately , plenty of answers to that question -- and scam artists know all of them . 
Said 's story reflects the souring of socialism under Nasser , whose dictatorial rule replaced the monarchy overthrown in 1952 . 
The information systems segment had a 44 % jump sales to $ 196 million . 
Joseph Hardiman , president of the National Association of Securities Dealers , which oversees trading on Nasdaq , agrees that program trading is hurting the market 's efforts to bring back small investors . 
These calculations exclude the effect of commissions paid and dividends received from the stock . 
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy-water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. complained that Japan 's supercomputer makers were effectively closing out foreign competitors by slashing prices as much as 90 % for universities . 
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so-called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years . 
Mellon has 36.6 million shares outstanding . 
The safety board will begin four days of hearings on the accident tomorrow in Sioux City . 
For the six months ended June 30 , it earned $ 3.1 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 2.4 million , or 41 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The disarray of the Bush administration 's Latin diplomacy was evident in the failure of the Organization of American States to condemn categorically Gen. Noriega . 
He not only slashed marginal tax rates , initially sparking fresh growth in Britain , but he wanted to regulate monetary policy by targeting exchange rates , indeed joining the European Monetary System . 
For the third quarter , Sears said its total revenue rose 4.8 % to $ 13.18 billion from $ 12.57 billion a year earlier . 
In a related matter , Peter Black , president of consumer brand Minwax , was named group vice president for the household products operating group . 
Japanese air-conditioner maker Daikin Industries Ltd. was fined two million yen ( $ 14,000 ) for exporting to the Soviet Union a chemical solution that could be used in missile-guidance systems . 
Warner denies such an agreement was made , and disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call and meeting the two sides had on the matter . 
Most forecasters , including those in the Congressional Budget Office , assume inflation will be in excess of 4 % in each of those five years . 
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . 
The newest uses of the 900-interactive technology demonstrate the growing variety of applications . 
Within the building-materials group , Georgia-Pacific climbed 1 1\/4 to 58 and Louisiana-Pacific added 1 to 40 3\/4 after Merrill Lynch recommended the forest-products issues . 
In fact , six of those companies received refunds , which totaled $ 120 million . 
Harris Ravine , executive vice president of customer satisfaction , was named executive vice president , finance and administration of this maker of data storage equipment . 
Legent Corp. said it expects to report net income between $ 6.4 million and $ 6.9 million , or between 32 cents and 34 cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Net income , however , rose 3.7 % to 107.87 billion yen from 103.98 billion yen . 
This means that no allowance is made for possible increases in output per unit of labor . 
James Snedeker , senior vice president of Gill & Roeser Inc. , a New York-based reinsurance broker , says insurers who took big losses this fall and had purchased little reinsurance in recent years will be asked to pay some pretty hefty rates if they want to buy reinsurance for 1990 . 
The company has been manufacturing carpet since 1967 . 
Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding . 
Next year Western Digital plans to consolidate its operations from 11 buildings in Irvine into two buildings in the same city a new headquarters and , a block away , a modern $ 100 million silicon wafer fabrication plant . 
HEALTH-CARE experts have long worried that young doctors emerging from medical school with a mountain of debt will choose careers in high-paying specialties instead of primary care , where more physicians are needed most . 
Dealers bought the used stamps cheaply from charities , including the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association . 
That 's because only about 30 % of California homes and businesses had earthquake insurance to cover the losses . 
The DAX index eased 0.99 point to end at 1523.22 after falling 5.5 points early in the session . 
`` I was having a drink in Sardi 's , when all of a sudden I saw a woman 's backside coming up the steps on the second floor and she was wearing sequined slacks . 
This bill simply says that if you want to develop property on a barrier island you have to do so without taxpayer support . 
The Portland , Ore. , thrift , which has $ 5.2 billion of assets , had net income in last year 's third quarter of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share . 
Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's biggest investor , would like to withdraw from the satellite-TV consortium , and analysts have speculated Hollywood studios might buy the Bond stake . 
The state has a $ 1 billion reserve , and is expected to add $ 1 billion to that fund in the next year . 
UAL currently has 22.6 million shares , fully diluted . 
Following World War II , when one family with mechanized equipment could farm crops formerly requiring 20 families , the surplus people were dumped into the mainstream of society with no Social Security , no skills in the workplace , no hope for their future except welfare . 
Among the suggestions : Pantyhose and men 's ties could be used for slings , while removable wooden shelves might aid in `` breaking through office walls . '' 
On the way to that goal , she received her first U.S. paycheck for proofreading a book of Polish poetry , attended secretarial school , then went to work for a fund-raising organization . 
Satisfying its interests was a priority for any Panamanian leader . 
Business was n't disrupted . 
`` Is the government not helping anybody ? '' asks Toni Murray , an assistant to Mr. Lesko . 
The ads have generated some laughs but also plenty of attention because they are so unlike any other U.S. auto advertising . 
Mr. Goldston , who had been president of Faberge Inc. 's Faberge U.S.A. division before joining Reebok in September 1988 , left in August to pursue other interests . 
This is a classic example of the old saying , `` The whole is greater than the sum of its parts . '' 
U.S. diplomacy has done it before , and it will likely do it again . 
All three major creditors -- the IRS , Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover -- voted against and effectively doomed a reorganization plan proposed by Mr. Hunt . 
Dual trading gives an exchange trader the right to trade both for his own account and for customers . 
The new institution is also called Century Bank , and the failed bank 's five offices will reopen today . 
For several years , Turner Broadcasting System 's Cable News Network has invited viewers to respond nightly to topical issues ( `` Should the U.S. military intervene in Panama ? '' ) , but even the hottest controversies on CNN log only about 10,000 calls . 
That 's well over half a billion dollars more than ABC and NBC were willing to pay . 
The suit 's impact on New York may be narrow , however . 
`` Ten years ago , a physician would go to a town and take out a loan ( to start a practice ) , '' says James Merritt , president of Merritt , Hawkins & Associates , an Irvine , Calif. , physician recruiter that conducted the survey . 
Analysts said that 6.3 % level marked the poorest showing for any major British rights issue since the 1987 global stock market crash . 
ANTHEM ELECTRONICS INC. , San Jose , distributor of electronic parts , annual sales of about $ 300 million , NYSE , sustained very little damage , anticipated being `` in 100 % operating condition '' by midday . 
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery . 
However , HomeFed 's loan originations and purchases plunged 26 % in the quarter , to $ 1.4 billion from $ 1.9 billion a year earlier . 
Further , many institutions today holding troubled retailers ' debt securities will be reticent to consider additional retailing investments . 
Stuffing a wad of Red Man into his cheek , he admits the fastball he brought into the majors in 1955 has become a slowball . 
But as the French embody a Zen-like state of blase when it comes to athletics ( try finding a Nautilus machine in Paris ) , my fellow conventioners were having none of it . 
The uproar led to the closing of the Los Angeles Better Business Bureau in late 1987 . 
The equity kicker is not attached to the offering , but underwriters said it will be offered after a filing for 68,548 common shares of CNW Holdings is declared effective by the Securities & Exchange Commission . 
TW Services 
For the nine months , the company said profit fell 49 % to $ 23.5 million from $ 46 million in the year-earlier quarter , which included divestiture-related gains of $ 50.6 million . 
Anglo American Corp. of South Africa Ltd. said the third-quarter combined profit of its six gold mines dropped 8.5 % from the previous quarter . 
With many rural districts yet to report ballots , election officials estimate support for Christian Democrats fell an average five percentage points statewide . 
Van Nghe quickly made influential enemies . 
With one she is pregnant , with Major Battle she is knitting an American flag , and as the vice president 's wife she rushes in with white hair , wearing a tailored suit and pearls , imitating Barbara Bush 's gestures down to the last detail . 
Because the U.S. leads in most areas of biotechnology -- largely because of research investment by the U.S. government -- the sale is sure to increase concerns that Japanese companies will buy American know-how and use it to obtain the upper hand in biotechnology trade and competition . 
But sophistication has its limits . 
WCRS Plans Ad-Unit Sale 
The survey also detected a bit more interest in golf , a positive sign for country clubs and golf club makers . 
But now , with large amounts being raised from investors , the government 's dawdling on regulation and disclosure requirements has a more dangerous aspect . 
Even modernized , he said , the Crusaders represent an obsolete and dangerous protection for the aircraft carriers France has sent to meet such crises as the wars in Lebanon and the Persian Gulf . 
9.87 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
A leveling off of farmer selling tied to the harvest also removed some of the downward pressure on futures contract prices . 
Ms. Garratt 's assets and liabilities were n't disclosed . 
But Merrill Lynch , in its statement about pulling out of index arbitrage , suggested that the current debate has missed the mark . 
Several lawmakers were angered that the bank and thrift regulators generally said they have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures in the past few years to put much energy into investigating possible discrimination . 
That division 's revenue rose 2.3 % to $ 472.5 million from $ 461.9 million in the year-ago period . 
In the first eight months of 1989 , imports grew 21 % , to $ 38.32 billion , down slightly from a growth rate of 23 % a year earlier . 
From January through September , the distance flown by Lufthansa airplanes rose 5.6 % to 266.2 million kilometers from a year earlier , the company added . 
In a recent investment letter entitled `` Winners of the ` Leverage Wars , ' '' Edward Kerschner , chairman of PaineWebber 's investment policy committee , suggested that investors buy stocks of companies that have avoided loading up on debt . 
The magnitude of the exchange 's problems may not become known for some time because of Lloyd 's practice of leaving the books open for three years to allow for the settlement of claims . 
In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading . 
But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans upheld a damage award against General Dynamics , rejecting the company 's use of the government contractor defense . 
Total assets increased to $ 12.7 billion in the latest quarter from $ 12.4 billion a year earlier . 
As a presidential candidate in 1980 , George Bush forthrightly expressed his position on abortion in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine published that March . 
In an interview , Pemberton Hutchinson , president and chief executive , cited several reasons for the improvement : higher employee productivity and `` good natural conditions '' in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest . 
Rally 's , a fast-food chain based in Louisville , Ky. , is contending that Mr. Sugarman and two other company directors failed to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission that they intended to acquire a big Rally stake . 
Some have been combined into suites for the high rollers . 
It valued the transaction at $ 800 million . 
`` We 're always going to hire someone we consider to be a winner , '' an Edwards official says . 
`` I think so . 
For several months , there was optimism all around . 
Fiat said it 's only interested in technical cooperation with Saab . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 15 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 72 days ; 8.375 % 73 to 96 days ; 8.125 % 97 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
About 5.4 million Jaguar shares changed hands in active trading on London 's stock exchange Friday , and Jaguar shares moved up 19 pence to 696 pence ( $ 11 ) . 
He wo n't for long , because his old state sources of rye and potatoes are drying up . 
Nor is CBS a shoo-in to get blockbuster ratings . 
Still , stock-index funds are expected to continue launching big programs through the market . 
The current quarter , he said , `` looks fine . 
The House has voted to repeal most of the Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988 , however , which would end the monthly catastrophic-care premium , as well as an unpopular income surtax paid by about 40 % of the wealthier Medicare beneficiaries . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , American Medical closed at $ 23.625 , up $ 1.875 . 
The warrants expire on Oct. 15 , 1992 , and may be called by the company at a price of $ 5.25 . 
MCI Communications Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 750 million of debt securities via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
That tariff is too stiff for some Financial District wage earners . 
Mr. Corry learned presence under fire when , as vice president of corporate planning , he handled what Mr. Johnston calls `` don't-con-me '' negotiations that led to USX 's shedding of a wide array of assets ranging from chemicals to construction . 
Semifinished goods turned in a strong showing , with a monthly rise of 2 % and a year-on-year advance of 3 % . 
He believes Jaguar 's share price could zoom to between # 8 and # 10 ( $ 12.60 to $ 15.80 ) . 
Place a phone order through most any catalog and chances are the clerk who answers wo n't be the only one on the line . 
The Chinese leader , Mr. Lee informed Mr. Bush , expressed some regret for what had happened in Beijing and conceded that China 's officials bore some responsibility . 
Many Americans still agonize over their own personal feelings about abortion . 
Cabanne Smith , president of a money management company bearing his name , predicts that investment companies using computers to identify companies with earnings `` momentum '' will climb on the growth-stock bandwagon as the overall corporate earnings outlook deteriorates further . 
Britain 's economy `` is developing rapidly toward no-growth , '' says J. Paul Horne , international economist with Smith Barney , Harris Upham Co. in Paris . 
While his company 's hotel is building a retail complex in Beverly Hills style and redoing existing rooms , it has decreased the number of its rooms . 
Of the proceeds , $ 500 million will be used to fund its tender offer . 
Dr. Knudson found that some children with the eye cancer had inherited a damaged copy of chromosome No. 13 from a parent who had had the disease . 
The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will have a base cost of $ 2,000 a year and provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with Reuters , McGraw Hill , United Press International , two press release news wires and Japan 's Kyodo news service . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.10 % in 2010 . 
These managers held 9.8 % of assets in cash at the end of September , down from 10.2 % in August and 10.6 % in September 1988 . 
Chicago-based Continental earned $ 65.2 million , or $ 1.04 a share , compared with $ 73.6 million , or $ 1.19 a share , a year earlier . 
Meanwhile , the FEMA announced a toll-free telephone number ( 800-462-9029 ) to expedite service to victims of the earthquake . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 377.80 an ounce , down 70 cents . 
Of his 10 novels , `` The Hive '' ( 1951 ) , full of sharp vignettes of Madrid life and centered on a cafe run by Dona Rosa , a foul-mouthed , broad-based woman with blackened little teeth encrusted in filth , used to be available in English , translated by J.M. Cohen and published by Ecco Press , which now no doubt regrets relinquishing its copyright . 
Although corporate due process is practiced today in few companies -- perhaps 40 to 60 -- it is one of the fastest developing trends in industry . 
`` They 're trying to keep planes flying on days they 'd normally park them , '' says Roger Bard , president of Mr. Mitchell Travel Service in Burnsville , N.C . 
The case for owning stocks over the long-term is compelling . 
Favored ventures include media , telecommunications and retailing . 
But industrywide trading activity slowed in September as institutional investors turned cautious and individuals continued to shy away from the market . 
Continental Air replaced its top executive for the sixth time in as many years . 
Among the provisions : Fiscal-year taxpayers with returns due last Monday wo n't be penalized if they file -- or request an extension -- and pay tax due by Nov. 15 . 
The entry fee is affordable : Issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 . 
`` For some time , we had forecast negative third - and fourth-quarter growth . 
We suspect voters are fed up with the finagling . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Under the second count , the company would plead guilty to conspiring to evade taxes . 
Despite yesterday 's modest bond market gains , economists say investors are anxious about the Treasury 's huge quarterly refunding of government debt , the timing of which depends on Congressional efforts to raise the debt ceiling . 
Last July , his committee rejected a Reagan administration plan to support a coup in Panama . 
`` Everybody pretty much pitched in and cooperated , '' said Stan Perez , a sergeant with the California Highway Patrol . 
Imagine a widow who wants to maintain her standard of living at the same level she had before she had to pay the catastrophic surtax . 
The book also recounts the not dissimilar maneuvers surrounding the changing of the guard at Lehman Bros. and other grand old firms . 
`` We 're confident we 'll be paying our bills for spring merchandise as well . '' 
But yesterday 's action put to rest any lingering resistance from tobacco interests . 
His truck is parked across the field , in a row of grain sellers . 
A previously available program called Network Computing System , developed by Hewlett-Packard 's Apollo division , for instance , takes a task and splits it up into parts , divvying up those parts to several computers in a network for simultaneous processing . 
The dollar also declined . 
But some attorneys who are familiar with the matter said the $ 6.5 million payment will be shared by Bally and Mr. Trump , with the casino and hotel concern probably paying the bulk of the money . 
`` The company 's on a roll , '' said Robert Herwick , an analyst at Hambrecht & Quist . 
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12-story-high condom . 
Lilly officials said they had seen reports of hypoglycemic unawareness among some patients making the shift from animal to human insulin , but did n't know if the problem had caused any deaths . 
Merrill Lynch lowered its short-term rating on the stock and its estimate of 1990 earnings , citing a sales slowdown in the company 's credit-rating business . 
IBM will face still more competition in coming months . 
Most managements hesitate to go all out in advertising their due-process systems for fear of encouraging cranks and chronic soreheads to file complaints . 
`` We have definitely become less cyclical , '' Syb Bergsma , executive vice president-finance , said in an interview . 
Instead , CBS hopes the show will increasingly highlight the talent agency and the business of being an agent . 
But there is a grimly ironic twist to the Columbia loss . 
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 . 
At an inconclusive Geneva meeting late last month , OPEC 's oil ministers halfheartedly approved another increase of one million barrels a day in their production ceiling . 
It all started with geography . 
The deal was symbolized by the restoration of the Shi'ite Sultan Ali Keshtmand to the Afghan prime ministry . 
Their message , explicit or implicit , is that a good college will cost so much by whenever you want it that the tried and true wo n't do anymore . 
( It should be noted that these requirements are in addition to any other existing requirements , such as review by the Asset Forfeiture Office . ) : 
Like most analysts , Mr. Dennis was hesitant to read too much into one month 's numbers ; but he said , `` It indicates perhaps that the balance in the U.S. economy is not as good as we 've been led to believe . '' 
Frederick W. Lang , 65 years old , the founder of this software services concern , was elected to the new post of chairman . 
Company officials say they are studying various proposals but wo n't discuss details . 
As a result , Mr. Steinhardt must reconcile himself to selling USAir at a loss , or to holding the shares as an old-fashioned investment . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index rose 0.60 to 341.76 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index rose 0.71 to 320.54 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index gained 0.43 to 189.32 . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Revenue rose slightly to $ 3.16 billion from $ 3.13 billion . 
As long as the rival Soviet-backed regime of Mengistu Haile Mariam held a total gridlock over neighboring Ethiopia , the U.S. was forced to accept that lonely Berbera runway as a distant No. 2 to the Soviets ' array of airfields next door . 
Tuesday night , thousands were diverted to other airports and had to wait a day to resume travel . 
Before the 1987 crash , the P\/E was more than 20 . 
Bridge and road builders had a field day , including Kasler Corp. , up $ 2.125 to $ 9.875 , Guy F. Atkinson Co. , up 87.5 to $ 61.875 , and Morrison Knudsen Corp. , which reported higher third-quarter earnings yesterday , up $ 2.25 to $ 44.125 . 
But a few new spots are opening . 
Coniston said it would pursue `` various financing alternatives . '' 
Mr. Wilkinson , 45 years old , succeeds Thomas A. Bullock , 66 , who is retiring as chairman but will continue as a director and chairman of the executive committee . 
Since peaking at 2791.41 on Oct. 9 , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has lost 194.69 points , or 7 % , closing Friday at 2596.72 , down 17.01 . 
The system also provides course-correction advisories . 
The beginnings were modest . 
Whitbread also announced that Mr. Jarvis , who is 48 , will become the company 's chief executive March 1 . 
The takeover mania also adds to volatility . 
A native of the area , he is back now after riding the oil-field boom to the top , then surviving the bust running an Oklahoma City convenience store . 
Security Pacific 's factoring business works with companies in the apparel , textile and food industries , among others . 
`` This is the first time , if we decide to do so , for Japan to extend aid of this kind to Eastern European countries , '' the spokesman said . 
`` We 'd like to do business in America , '' he says . 
The offering is rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , based on the quality of the underlying home equity loans and a letter of credit covering 10 % of the deal from Union Bank of Switzerland . 
The state of Illinois is suing the charity for fraud in Chicago , along with Telesystems Marketing Inc. , its Houston-based fund raiser . 
`` If they do n't fill it immediately , then I can start over at a new price or try again with the same price . '' 
Jonathan H. Kress , the son of the painting 's former owner , Mrs. Rush Kress , dismisses the price talk as `` sour grapes . '' 
I do n't believe they have the culture '' to adequately service high-net-worth individuals , he adds . 
The need for consistency is especially acute for Mr. Bush , who , Mr. Sears maintains , lacks a strong ideological base . 
One Mobil executive said that the $ 40 million charge related to the action indicates `` a substantial '' number of people will be involved . 
The White House called on Congress to attach the proposed capital-gains tax cut to its final deficit-reduction bill , but lawmakers seem likely to balk at the idea . 
IBM already participates in one industrywide effort to improve semiconductor-manufacturing techniques . 
The prices of most soybean and soybean-meal futures contracts rose amid rumors that the Soviet Union is interested in buying from the U.S. or South America about 250,000 metric tons of soybeans and as many as 400,000 metric tons of soybean meal . 
Here , too , Mr. Roberts is way off the mark . 
With this personal strategy firmly in place , I look forward to years of fine life-style investments and increasing widespread leverage . 
Separately , UAL stock rose $ 4 a share to $ 175 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange on reports that Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis has asked United Airlines unions if they 're interested in cooperating with Mr. Davis in a new bid for UAL . 
What to do ? 
The biggest is the NFL 's contract with national television for broadcast of the league 's games . 
I 'm going to have to get another job this year just to eat . '' 
The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to reduce its reliance on mid-range machines and establish a presence in workstations and mainframes . 
Another inflationary sign came in a surge in building-society lending to a record # 10.2 billion ( $ 16.22 billion ) last month , a much higher level than economists had predicted . 
Demand , he believes , is being met from overhang rather than new production . 
Mr. Keating raised $ 20,000 for Rep. Doug Barnard 's 1986 re-election campaign while the Georgia Democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit brokering . 
MARKET MOVES , these managers do n't . 
Amusing as she is , and frivolous as she can seem , this is a serious person with some difficult memories . 
Some producers seem tentative about the technique , squeamish even . 
What accounts for the difference ? 
It also redesigned Oil of Olay 's packaging , stamping the traditional pink boxes with gold lines to create a more opulent look . 
Baby Ruth and Butterfinger are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. , but RJR 's overall share of the roughly $ 5.1 billion market is less than 5 % . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Predictably , guarantees outstanding have risen by $ 130 billion since 1985 , while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $ 30 billion . 
But as astounding as the changes that have already occurred are , there is a fragility to glasnost . 
Previously , Columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk-bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long-term investments . 
There are $ 120.7 million of 7 1\/8 % term bonds due 2008 , priced to yield 7.30 % . 
By day 's end , the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points , or nearly half of Friday 's drop . 
Per-share earnings were enhanced by the company 's share buy-back program , which reduced the average shares outstanding to 87.5 million in the quarter from 95.8 million in the same quarter of 1988 . 
SMALL TALK : 
Mary E. Sommer , corporate counsel for Stamford , said the city has discussed several possible plans for displaying the mural , which portrays various scenes from the Great Depression . 
Index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in futures -- is frequently blamed for adding to stock market volatility . 
Thrice married but now single , Mr. Peters got plenty of ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress Kim Basinger during the making of `` Batman . '' 
We ca n't lose sight of that . 
`` We are in one of those phases where you are going to get a lot of volatile expiration action , '' said Donald Selkin , head of stock-index research at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
`` You people here think this is Russian music , '' she said with disdain , and called over to the waitress : `` Could you turn it off ? '' 
The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement . 
The czars were no civil libertarians . 
Consider , for example , the greenhouse effect and climate change ; numerous blue-ribbon scientific committees , including one from the National Academy of Science , judge there is a greater than 50 % probability of a grave problem in the offing . 
A woman in a three-story apartment was able to walk out the window of the third floor onto street level after the quake . 
Family-owned firms that need cash to grow are attractive , says John Turner of Matuschka Gruppe , Munich . 
`` The vans leave at least 15 minutes earlier , on average , than they used to . 
In the opener , Sony Corp. would agree to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. in a transaction valued at close to $ 5 billion . 
Although the company could see fourth-quarter revenue shrink by nearly $ 5 billion if it is n't able to deliver any more planes this year , those dollars actually would just be deferred until 1990 . 
The crimes may appear small , but the prices can be huge . 
It was a jarring day for investors in Genetics Institute . 
Calisto Tanzi , Odeon 's owner , will retain his 23.34 % stake . 
The East German economy is strong compared with other East bloc nations . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367 an ounce , down 30 cents . 
No sophisticated professional expects economists to be right all the time . 
Mr. Johnson , of the Berkeley seismographic station , said : `` Landfill can be done if it 's properly compacted . 
Fixed-income funds have returned 8.2 % , while gold funds , which tend to be volatile , have risen just 4.55 % , on average . 
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's restated commitment to a firm monetary policy has helped to prevent a freefall in sterling over the past week . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Trinova closed at $ 32.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
The agency also concluded that LTV 's financial status had improved while it was under reorganization . 
In California and New York , state officials have opposed Channel One . 
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . 
The Communist Party chief , facing what is viewed as the nation 's worst unrest in nearly 40 years , also said he would allow East Germans to travel abroad more freely , but made clear that the Berlin Wall would remain . 
The electronics , automotive and aerospace concern said third-quarter net was $ 60 million , or 98 cents a share , down from $ 68 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
Philips Industries tumbled 3\/8 to 22 7\/8 ; Hilton Hotels fell 2 1\/2 to 92 and Holiday Corp. fell 2 1\/8 to 69 7\/8 . 
Pittsburgh figures it will be dethroned but plans to accept its ouster graciously . 
The budget reconciliation had to be dealt with by the Oct. 15 deadline , and these Senate Democrats refused to agree to allow a vote to append capital gains to the budget bill , knowing it would pass . 
David Baltimore , who has just been named president of Rockefeller University , already knows what it 's like to go through life with `` Nobel laureate '' appended to one 's name . 
While Wall Street is retreating from computer-driven program trading , big institutional investors are likely to continue these strategies at full blast , further roiling the stock market , trading executives say . 
However , as is common with sweeping legislation , the proposal contains many provisions that could destroy important parts of the system it sets out to preserve . 
One of the studies , done at the University of Minnesota , tested 75 people with raised cholesterol levels . 
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. . 
It has been three years since Mr. Boesky , now in prison , agreed to pay a $ 100 million fine to settle the government 's charges that he had traded illegally using insider information . 
The company , which is retaining most of its wine and all of its soft-drink interests , did n't break out results for the businesses it plans to sell . 
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen ( D. , Texas ) was outraged after a private word to John Motley , lobbyist for the National Federation of Independent Business , resulted in a news release saying that the Senate Finance Committee chairman would recommend repeal of Section 89 . 
Trading in Cineplex Odeon Corp. shares was halted on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges late yesterday afternoon at the company 's request , Toronto Stock Exchange officials said . 
The 67-year-old maker of brassieres , panties , and lingerie enjoys one of the best-known brand images , but its financial profile is closely guarded by members of the founding family . 
Revenue at the broadcasting unit , consisting of the network and stations , advanced 11 % , to $ 838 million from $ 752.9 million . 
The bank has a negative net worth , they say . 
Or can we ask you why you changed your forecast just when it 's about to be right ? '' 
French crude-steel production in September was 1,616,000 metric tons , unchanged from a year earlier , according to the National Steel Manufacturers ' Association . 
In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a no-strike clause and significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted . 
Home delivery is the fastest growing segment of the Times 's 1.1 million daily circulation . 
He heads Litigation Sciences Inc. , the nation 's largest legal consulting firm , which is helping corporate America prepare for high-stakes litigation by predicting and shaping jurors ' reactions . 
Sundays , Nov. 5-12 , 9-10:30 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Glory Enough for All . '' 
The bank syndicate is made up mostly of European banks , but it includes China 's state-owned Citic Industrial Bank . 
But five weeks after the premiere , the series has floundered . 
Despite Saatchi 's firm stand against selling its ad units , U.S. analysts believe the company may ultimately sell some of the smaller units . 
In over-the-counter national trading , Bowater Inc. jumped $ 1.50 to $ 27.50 . 
At one point , the Dow Jones Industrial average fell about 80 points on news that UAL Corp. decided to remain independent . 
In recent days , Mr. Krenz has sought to project a kinder image . 
The administration says the measures would stem rampant property speculation , free more land for the government 's ambitious housing-construction program , designed to build two million apartments by 1992 -- and , perhaps , boost the popular standing of President Roh . 
The Poles have had it all along . 
Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market and dollar , and a rally in bonds . 
Finally , as shown in the table , Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs to district offices -- where local benefit-seeking duties matter more and national policy making activities matter less relative to Washington offices . 
Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher , who attended the ceremony , called the undertaking a `` historic step '' in the evolution of U.S.-Soviet ties . 
But while the Composite gained 1.19 , to 462.89 , many issues did n't participate in the advance . 
Ms. de Vries is a free-lance writer . 
The Census Bureau counts all cash income in determining whether families are below the line , but it does n't consider other government benefits , such as Medicare . 
Telxon Corp. said its vice president for manufacturing resigned and its Houston work force has been trimmed by 40 people , or about 15 % . 
Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . 
Now , in fact , he is predicting economic growth of 2.9 % this year and 2.1 % next year , a more optimistic outlook than the consensus of some four dozen top forecasters surveyed by Blue Chip Economic Indicators newsletter . 
The earthquake that hit the San Francisco Bay area is n't likely to result in wholesale downgrading of bond ratings , officials at the two major rating agencies said . 
In 1987 , prosecutors filed against 35 defendants for every 100,000 adults . 
Many professions long have seemed to be targets because of the exotic or ludicrous efforts of some members to offset high income with fake losses from phony tax shelters : dentists who invested in dubiously dubbed foreign films or airline pilots who raised racehorses on their days off . 
The fallout for investors lately has been painful . 
Exports made up 46.2 % of the latest year 's total , up from 39.8 % a year ago . 
The issue of seeking relief from Congress was raised to Delbert Staley , the chairman of Nynex . 
The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms that may lead to membership in the European Community . 
Yesterday , Armstrong reported flat earnings for the third quarter and nine months , worsened by the stock dilution of an employee stock ownership plan adopted earlier this year . 
The Big Board said carpenters quickly erected a new options floor to accomodate 40 traders from the Pacific exchange . 
I suggest that The Wall Street Journal ( as well as other U.S. news publications of like mind ) should put its money where its mouth is : Lend computer equipment to replace that damaged at El Espectador , buy ad space , publish stories under the bylines of El Espectador journalists . 
Calgene , an agricultural biotechnology concern , said initial work will concentrate on a proprietary strain of Bacillus subtilis which has shown promise for controlling aflatoxin . 
The Ontario Supreme Court overturned Mr. Blair 's decision . 
Medical scientists are starting to uncover a handful of genes which , if damaged , unleash the chaotic growth of cells that characterizes cancer . 
But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation `` a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry . '' 
The second time he identified two robbers , who were arrested and charged . 
Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field , but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English . 
Edward J.M. Little , one of the assistant U.S. attorneys who prosecuted the case , said the Garcia trial `` is the last of the Wedtech prosecutions . '' 
Yale Jay Lubkin 
They worry that Mr. Breeden also will roll over when told to do so by the White House . 
Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning . 
By a rule of thumb of 1.5 new jobs for each new hotel room , Clark County will have nearly 18,000 new jobs . 
But only 17.5 % said they had more than half their money in the stock market . 
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome-based management 's approval . 
Those filings , plus the expected sale of a number of financially healthy chains , such as Saks Fifth Avenue , Marshall Field 's and Bloomingdale 's , have added to the anxiety . 
This summer , the industry introduced a `` kids fly free '' program , in which children were allowed to fly free if they were traveling with an adult . 
`` We 'll raise it through bank loans . 
These critics object to Mr. Bush 's participation in a meeting that includes Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega among the guests . 
Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder 's meeting and urging that the government and Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 . 
Norfolk Southern Corp. directors authorized the railroad company to buy back as many as 45 million of its shares , which would have a current value of more than $ 1.7 billion . 
These movements were offset , however , by a steep rise in corporate income tax payments to 199 million francs from 35 million in the first six months of 1988 . 
East Germans remember a comment a few years ago by Kurt Hager , the government 's top ideologist , that just because a neighbor hangs new wallpaper , there 's no reason to change your own . 
Golden Feldman Furs Inc. began retailing aggressively eight years ago , and now retail sales account for about 20 % of gross income . 
And he had n't used hormones , which many growers employ to elongate their Delicious apples for greater eye appeal . 
`` There 's a strong sense among the martini set that there 's more { bad news } to come , '' asserts Roger Yates , chief investment officer at Morgan Grenfell Asset Management . 
Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York . 
The one-hour program will be repeated with updates throughout Saturday mornings . 
One question being debated in the Soviet Union is how to use the defense sector 's research-and-production expertise in the rest of the economy . 
A member in the House leadership and skilled legislator , Mr. Fazio nonetheless found himself burdened not only by California 's needs but by Hurricane Hugo amendments he accepted in a vain effort to build support in the panel . 
Digital hopes to address that with the debut of its first mainframe-class computers next Tuesday . 
For retailers , Christmas , not Halloween , promises to be this year 's spookiest season . 
He served as Mr. Roderick 's front man in tense negotiations for the 1982 purchase of Marathon Oil for $ 5.9 billion . 
IT IS N'T TRUE that a 90-year old clergyman on a mission of mercy to a disaster area on Christmas Day can fly free . 
So-called E-mail is the collection of inter-office memos , gossip , technical data , schedules and directives distributed over local and national computer networks . 
It puts great strain on a longstanding U.S. friendship with Turkey , a country that has been one of America 's strongest allies in NATO . 
On the mound , former Red Sox great Luis Tiant , the wily master of 1,001 moves , throws an off-speed strike . 
Analysts noted that the disappointing results do n't reflect lower prices for steel products . 
Your Oct. 12 editorial `` Pitiful , Helpless Presidency ? '' correctly states that I was critical of the Bush administration 's failure to have any plan in place to respond in a timely fashion to the opportunities to oust Manuel Noriega presented by the attempted military coup on Oct. 3 . 
Mr. Della Femina says he plans to remain heavily involved in the creative product at the world-wide agency , serving as a sort of `` creative conscience . '' 
The received Darwinian wisdom of the day said that animals living so long ago must be simple in design , limited in scope and ancestral to contemporary species . 
`` If those two banks are there , then the balance of the banking institutions will be there , '' says Mr. Gilmore , the Securities and Futures Commission official . 
Mr. Williams said the exercise price is $ 125 , meaning holders would have the right to buy $ 250 of Rubbermaid stock for half price , diluting the investor 's 25 % stake . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
A bipartisan commission established by Congress and headed by Sen. John Rockefeller ( D. , W.Va . ) is scheduled to present new plans for dealing with the uninsured and long-term care for the elderly by next March 1 . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Our own test of `` glasnost 's '' authenticity would be a Soviet decision to open itself to a complete international examination of one of the most troubling mysteries in U.S.-Soviet relations -- the reported 1979 anthrax outbreak at a Soviet military facility in Sverdlovsk . 
The dollar finished mostly stronger yesterday , boosted by a modest recovery in share prices . 
Sen. Cohen said the relationship has reverted to its pre-Reagan character . 
Judge Sentelle , of the appeals court in Washington , made this point at a Cato Institute conference last week in a remarkable speech titled , `` RICO : The Monster That Ate Jurisprudence . '' 
To try to draw more fans , he has dropped end-zone ticket prices from $ 25 to $ 19 . 
While the theme is compelling , the plot and characters are not . 
It is difficult , however , to justify civil disobedience , non-violent or not , where citizens have full recourse to the ballot box to effect change . 
The agency said it monitored Newmark & Lewis 's advertised prices before and after the ad campaign , and found that the prices of at least 50 different items either increased or stayed the same . 
But a Commerce Department analyst said that in both months orders would have risen had it not been for a drop in civilian aircraft bookings , a category that is showing declines only after a huge surge earlier this year . 
With the February 1987 U.N. accords `` relating to Afghanistan , '' the Soviet Union got everything it needed to consolidate permanent control . 
The pilot union is vowing to pursue an acquisition whatever the board decides . 
PNC Financial Corp. , the parent of Pittsburgh National Bank , reported net income climbed 9.8 % , while net for Banc One Corp. of Columbus , Ohio , grew 3.8 % . 
The yield on the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond slipped to 7.93 % . 
Short interest in First Executive , an insurance issue , rose 55 % to 3.8 million . 
In case managers and personnel specialists are unsuccessful and subordinates take their complaints to a company court or adjudicator , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen . 
The average cost for breakfast at a `` decent '' hotel restaurant in New York is $ 17.12 , according to Corporate Travel magazine . 
The association said it would monitor the conduct of lawyers and warned that solicitation of business is unethical . 
The incident occurred Saturday night . 
Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions . 
The memo attempts to remove the tourist board as far as possible from the agency , which pleaded innocent to the charges . 
`` Day orders '' expire at the end of the day on which they are entered , `` good-till-canceled orders '' have no expiration date . 
The real answer to curbing wild swings in stock prices , they say , might be to curb or even abolish stock-index futures . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
`` We believe that the court will find it unlawful , '' said a US Sprint spokesman . 
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner . 
In the recent Upper House and Tokyo metropolitan congressional elections , in which the Socialist Party won a runaway victory , 60 % of all women voted , as opposed to the usual 40 % . 
There 's plenty of whimsy here , but it is n't always clear whether it 's intentional . 
Sir Geoffrey Howe , deputy prime minister and a Lawson ally on the EMS , has signaled he will continue pressing for early membership . 
The company also said it continues to explore all options concerning the possible sale of National Aluminum 's 54.5 % stake in an aluminum smelter in Hawesville , Ky . 
Virginia GOP lieutenant governor candidate Eddy Dalton tries to have it both ways on the abortion issue . 
That was up 2.8 % from a year earlier , even though orders for the first nine months of 1989 were down 19 % from the comparable 1988 period . 
We think revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability . '' 
But , while the Soviets ca n't expect direct technology flow from Japan , they also hope to benefit from Japanese manufacturing expertise . 
Planners of the Urban Land Institute real estate conference this week hastily added a panel on the quake 's effects . 
Other lawmakers are busy trying to revive the recently lapsed Paperwork Reduction Act , which many feel benefited small enterprises . 
The campaign so divided union leaders that the government found them far easier to control . 
Mr. Dozen is taking over the reins of a securities company that does very well in its domestic market but that is still seeking to realize its potential in global investment banking and securities dealing . 
Mr. Stoll was scanning the heavens at the Keck observatory of the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in 1986 when his grant ran low and he was asked to switch to helping run the lab 's computers . 
The housing starts numbers , however , are one of the least precise of the government 's economic indicators and are often revised significantly as more information is collected . 
He told reporters he had information that Mr. Fournier was preparing to buy as much as 20 % of Paribas , up from less than 5 % currently . 
So instead of building more efficient modern plants , utilities stick scrubbers on the old plants . 
They are supposed to play the game next Tuesday , in Candlestick Park here . 
A few blue-chip stocks posted strong gains , boosted by special factors , while the majority of shares ended little changed . 
Both countries produce high-quality , low-sulfur crudes especially suited to making high-octane motor fuel at minimum refining cost . 
That group includes banks and bondholders , who have claims of $ 150 million and $ 350 million respectively . 
Men would crawl in the sand looking for shiny stones . 
In Japan , Furukawa said it will raise production at a plant outside Tokyo to 300,000 sheets monthly from 100,000 . 
Congress inserted the following into the Interior appropriation : `` None of the funds available under this title may be used to prepare reports on contacts between employees of the Dept. of the Interior and Members and committees of Congress and their staff . '' 
More stop-loss orders were touched off all the way down to below $ 1.14 , where modest buying was attracted . 
Executives who manage these funds see the current debate over program trading as a repeat of the concern expressed after the 1987 crash . 
But about 25 % of the insiders , according to SEC figures , file their reports late . 
`` It 's ludicrous for him to suggest it 's the difference between the'breakup ' value of the shares and their market value . '' 
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . 
Interest during first year paid semiannually at 7.51 % . 
That is , with capital gains cut , the glue of the 1986 accord will be gone , and political realities will push up income-tax rates . 
Atlanta 
Mr. Tonkin , who has been feuding with the Big Three since he took office earlier this year , said that with half of the nation 's dealers losing money or breaking even , it was time for `` emergency action . '' 
It 's not so much the idea of acquisitions that has agitated the cosmetics industry as the companies doing the acquiring : P&G and Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap and toilet paper , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ; but they also bring mammoth marketing clout , sparking fear . 
Most sleep on the floor . 
The latest earnings reflect an increase of about 5.5 million in common shares outstanding . 
In the House-passed tax bill , Mr. Thevenot got his wish ; real-estate assets are included in the capital-gains provision . 
The conversion increased total equity capital by about $ 38.5 million to a total of $ 156.8 million . 
Meanwhile , finding a volunteer to write the computer program is n't a problem . 
`` The affluent people and the corporations can buy it , the poor radicals { in political cases } get it free , and everybody in between is at a disadvantage , and that 's not the kind of system we want , '' says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University . 
The Second Section index , which rose 15.72 points Thursday , was up 11.88 points , or 0.32 % , to close at 3717.46 . 
The sales pitch might n't be as farfetched as it seems . 
It was supposed to be a routine courtesy call . 
According to Richard P. Mills , a Boston-based official of the U.S. partner , 10,000 copies of the quarterly will be printed in Russian from next year . 
Barney Barnhardt , a 727 captain and leader of the pro-union forces , said he has received two anonymous death threats and been challenged to a fight with tire irons by a colleague . 
Wells , Rich , Greene named Cheryl Heller as an executive vice president and creative partner in its image group , which concentrates on fashion and visually oriented advertising . 
Private dressmaking , for example , is allowed in 10 Soviet republics but banned by five ; shoemaking is allowed in seven but illegal in nine . 
Money is n't the only thing that makes her dump once favorite brands . 
Samuel Hall , Howard University 's placement director , also does n't see it . 
Some lawmakers may seek legislation to limit overly restrictive insurance policies . 
Under Mikhail Gorbachev 's perestroika , the Soviets have sought economic ties all over the world , including new export markets . 
Martin Fabi , Innopac 's president and chief executive , said Innopac viewed Mr. Pattison 's decision to seek control as a `` very positive '' move . 
Most of last week 's surge in the industrial average came on Monday , when the average rose 88.12 points as market players snapped up blue-chip issues and shunned the broad market . 
Amoco also sharply boosted natural-gas output , part of it from properties acquired from Tenneco Inc. last year . 
Output from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is already at a high for the year and most member nations are running flat out . 
The economic life of the region is expected to revive in a day or two , although some transportation problems may last weeks or months . 
These are the last words Abbie Hoffman ever uttered , more or less , before he killed himself . 
The chancellor sometimes has used the occasion to announce major economic policy changes . 
That 's higher than some other estimates . 
The topic never comes up in ozonedepletion `` establishment '' meetings , of which I have attended many . 
Tom Schlesinger , market analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. , says investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock . 
HUD says the project does n't qualify , and Mr. Kemp says that rock 'n' roll musicians and the music industry ought to put up the money . 
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 . 
Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : E. Garrett Bewkes III , a 38-year-old managing director in the mergers and acquisitions department ; Michael R. Dabney , 44 , a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions ; Richard Harriton , 53 , a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services ; Michael Minikes , 46 , a general partner who is treasurer ; and William J. Montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
Still , miners from all parts of Namibia as well as professional staff from De Beers 's head offices in South Africa and London keep coming . 
It quoted Liu Changyi , deputy director of the Beijing Public Security Bureau , as saying that there were many more people involved in prostitution now than in 1985 , when there were about 100 cases . 
Healthsource Inc. -- Two million common shares , via Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
GMAC profits are combined with earnings from the rest of GM 's operations and attributed to the company 's traditional common stock . 
Mr. Bergsma said prices for U.S. pharmaceutical companies remain too high , making it unlikely that Akzo will pursue any major acquisitions in that area . 
No federal court has ruled that the Voting Rights Act protects a white minority , but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts and six black-majority districts . 
They are what they are . 
Total net income fell to 471.6 million rand ( $ 178.0 million ) from 515.4 million rand in the June quarter . 
Institutions -- who now account for most trading -- count on being able to buy and sell big blocks of stock at an eye-blink . 
But above all , this is the national headquarters for boiler-room operators , those slick-talking snake-oil salesmen who use the telephone to extract money from the gullible and the greedy and then vanish . 
In an interview a few months ago , he recalled how after some training at Salomon Brothers Inc. , he successfully bid for the opportunity to sell portions of 20 U.S. corporate bond issues . 
Industry executives say that although the two executives used to clash more frequently , the WPP takeover brought them closer together . 
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market . 
But now the possibility of `` diplomatic movement '' ( Vietnam 's withdrawal , the Baker initiative ) has put that plan on hold , with the proviso that if the going got rough , the U.S. would then rearm the opposition . 
Hoechst AG said it will stop producing fertilizer in 1990 because of continued losses and a bleak outlook . 
Loan guarantees do n't appear at all until the borrower defaults , so new guarantees do not raise the deficit , even though they create future liabilities for the government . 
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms . 
And , `` more importantly , '' he says , `` the debt burden measured other ways is not really in uncharted waters . '' 
Is that the forecast ? '' Mr. O'Brien asks , trying to pin down the economist . 
Rather , senior administration officials said that the unexpected meeting was scheduled at Mr. Bush 's request because of his preference for conducting diplomacy through highly personal and informal meetings with other leaders . 
-- Sophomore basketball player . 
He found that monetary crime losses , as a proportion of gross receipts , were 37 times higher for small businesses than for large ones . 
The proposed merger comes as K mart 's profit is declining and sales at its core discount stores are rising more slowly than at such competitors as Wal-Mart Stores Inc . 
`` I think the market could pop up to the $ 1.22 to $ 1.25 level without too much difficulty , '' he said . 
Such problems may not be over . 
But Home Depot Inc. , an Atlanta-based home center chain , objected when Mr. Vila started doing commercial endorsements for Rickel Home Centers , a New Jersey building supply company that competes with Home Depot in some markets . 
Now , neither side -- the U.S. nor Mr. Noriega -- has an easy out . 
There is still time , however , for Gov. Mario Cuomo or Fabian Palomino , chairman of the BPCA board , to prevent this topiary `` Tilted Arc . '' 
Sales declined 10 % to $ 251.2 million from $ 278.7 million . 
For the nine months , AT&T said net income was $ 1.99 billion , or $ 1.85 a share , up 19 % from $ 1.67 billion , or $ 1.56 a share . 
It 's not just in Eastern Europe where the march of events is finally on the U.S. side , but on the horn of Africa as well . 
Besides that , some of the paintings that were to grace the walls of CenTrust actually ended up hanging in the chairman 's estate on La Gorce Isle off Miami Beach . 
And Mr. Smalling does n't believe they 're worth all that much now . 
Mr. Breeden also is trying to use a far more catastrophic event -- the California earthquake -- to move another rule change past Congress . 
U.S. producers had a $ 2.15 billion backlog of unfilled orders at the end of September . 
In fact , we have agents assigned full time to assist the MPD in drug-related crimes such as homicide and other crimes of violence . 
With only the clothes they were wearing , family members moved to a home owned by one of Mr. Chan 's sons . 
In other moves , Mr. Rosen says he bought a truck three years ago to reach more retailers . 
And why not save the costs of a thousand bureaucrats by abolishing Central Command and putting responsibility for Gulf naval operations back where it belongs , afloat with the task force commander in the Gulf ? 
Also , the broker-dealer subsidiary , Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , was renamed Royal Alliance Associates Inc . 
\* Principal amount 
He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year . 
Mobil Exploration & Producing U.S. Inc. , the group involved , currently has a work force of somewhat less than 5,000 . 
Heating oil prices also rose . 
In 1983 , Texas Air 's Continental Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
The magazine alleged that in making the donations , the pachinko industry may have been offering bribes to win support in the battle against prepaid cards , or it may have been laundering money back and forth between the JSP and the North Korean residents ' organization , the Chosen Soren . 
It was forced into liquidation before trial when investors yanked their funds after the government demanded a huge pre-trial asset forfeiture . 
DALKON SHIELD CLAIMANTS hope to stop reorganization-plan appeal . 
`` I 've been recruiting every single day since it 's been identified that many AIDS patients come from the inner city , '' she says . 
Howard Bailit , a panel member and a vice president of Aetna Life & Casualty , said that utilization management will also do a better job of containing costs as it spreads to cover medical services delivered outside of hospitals . 
Other active stocks included Jaguar , whose American depositary receipts added 1\/8 to 11 1\/4 . 
The editor of Pravda was dismissed and succeeded by a confidant of Soviet leader Gorbachev . 
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement . 
Harken also said that its financing from Bankers Trust Co. has been extended until Dec. 15 to give Tesoro 's board time to consider the offer at a Tesoro board meeting scheduled for mid-November . 
`` They even drop semi-obscure names like Wolfgang Flottl , whom everybody these days apparently has heard of but no one really knows , '' says Mr. Revson . 
Britain 's benchmark 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 2\/32 to 111 1\/2 to yield 10.14 % while the 11 3\/4 % notes due 1991 were unchanged at 98 21\/32 to yield 12.95 % . 
He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a `` honey trap , '' in which Mr. Noriega would try to involve him in an orgy and then record the event `` with sound and video . '' 
In fact , the two men have had strikingly similar career paths , both having served as chief of internal security before their rise to the top party position . 
We scuttled along for a few feet before he plunged us into the drink again . 
GOP leaders continued to press for a vote on the amendment to the Eastern Europe aid measure . 
House and Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion for the Strategic Defense Initiative during the current fiscal year . 
They argue that the rights of RICO defendants and third parties not named in RICO indictments have been unfairly damaged . 
In fact , the administration and the Fed have been going out of their way in the past two weeks to dispel any impression that they are at odds , fearing stories about an administration-Fed split added to the stock market 's jitters . 
And transfer control of much of it to Capitol Hill . 
`` When elephants start fighting , ants get killed , '' says Murray Riese , co-owner of National Restaurants , a New York franchisee for Pizza Hut , Roy Rogers and other chains . 
Both are mining concerns . 
Indeed , the possibility of an A 's ring cycle , a\/k\/a a dynasty , was a major topic of post-game discussion Saturday , so much so that Sandy Alderson , the team 's general manager , felt obliged to dampen it . 
The jump reflected record results in Las Vegas , Nev. , and Atlantic City , N.J. , as well as a full quarter 's results from Harrah 's Del Rio in Laughlin , Nev . 
The Food and Drug Administration that day said Bausch & Lomb could start selling them in the U.S. . 
The pound likely will fall in coming days and may trade as low as 2.60 marks within the next year , says Nigel Rendell , an international economist at James Capel & Co. in London . 
Freight rates , declining for most of the decade because of competition spurred by deregulation , are bottoming out , turning upward and threatening to fuel inflation . 
3 . In deciding whether forfeiture ( and , hence , a TRO ) is appropriate , the Section will consider the nature and severity of the offense ; the government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . 
All the tie-ins , though , have some marketing experts questioning whether the party may go too far . 
Some of the large amounts are being raised by small firms . 
Mr. Ferguson , who is 68 years old , fled the U.S. in 1970 after exhausting his appeals of a 1968 conviction on conspiracy to murder . 
They also chart the evolution of a city that has grown tenfold in the author 's lifetime , from a colonial outpost of fez-wearing pashas to a Third World slum choking on its own refuse . 
But the machines are n't on employees ' desks ; they ring the perimeter of the large office . 
Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to share costs and provide technology to modernize old facilities or build new ones . 
( `` A turban , '' she specifies , `` though it was n't the time for that 14 years ago . 
`` I 've told my staff and clients that they still have the ability to exercise their options , because they are guaranteed by the Options Clearing Corp. , '' said Michael Schwartz , a senior registered options strategist at Oppenheimer & Co . 
But it said extraordinary expenditures for its radio station and restoration of buildings increased the deficit to $ 57.2 million . 
SPECIALIZED FUNDS : 
And those who did n't move some production overseas suffer labor shortages . 
Actually , Cervantes borrowed that quote from a writer of some 25 centuries earlier : Israel 's King Solomon wrote those words in the Book of Proverbs ( 22:1 ) . 
Poland 's premier is to visit Moscow next month . 
Index arbitragers argue that their trading is healthy because it links markets , but critics say such trading accelerates market movements and increases the chance for a crash . 
That 's the troubling conclusion reached by many international investors and money managers angry at the malfunctions on Continental stock exchanges during last week 's global market turbulence . 
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . '' 
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters . 
Results were also bolstered by `` a very meaningful '' increase in operating profit by Colgate 's U.S. business , Mr. Mark said . 
Yesterday , Delmed said it `` continues to explore the possibility of a combination with Fresenius USA . '' 
But Nevada state labor economists think a shortage is probable . 
Guests bring movies on tape , and show their favorite three-to-five minute segments on the screen that unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs ' art-nouveau library ( `` the pleasure dome '' ) . 
The 200,000 shares are about 23 % of Interferon 's common shares outstanding , excluding National Patent 's stake . 
That is just 1 % of all the money Japan has invested abroad . 
CBS expects to make modest profits , but rivals contend that it will take a beating . 
At the end of the very week in which Mr. Korotich was called to the Central Committee , Ogonyok was again demonstrating its independence by printing a poll that showed that 35 % of the Soviet population , a plurality , believed that Mr. Gorbachev 's economic reforms , perestroika , would result in only insignificant change . 
Many are refugees , having fled China 's unending cycles of political repression and poverty since the Communist Party took power in 1949 . 
The three men agreed to rewrite the guidelines , without changing the basic assassination ban , to clear up any ambiguities that may have hampered U.S. encouragement of coups against anti-American leaders . 
Still , Steve Cohen , an analyst at SoundView Financial Group Inc. , said , `` I do n't see that this will be sufficient to give IBM a significant kick in the fourth quarter . '' 
The Iran-Contra judge agreed to allow Poindexter to subpoena the personal papers of ex-President Reagan , ruling that there was sufficient evidence that the data would be important to the defense . 
Big buyers like Procter & Gamble say there are other spots on the globe , and in India , where the seed could be grown . 
Last year , J&B Scotch offered 500 TWA frequent flier miles in exchange for a label . 
Futures `` do n't need defending , '' says Andrew Yemma , a spokesman for the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , which trades the S&P 500 , by far the largest stock-index futures contract . 
His estimate of 3.3 % for third-quarter GNP is higher than the consensus largely because he believes current inventories are n't as low as official figures indicate . 
It 's time to scrap the politically infested spending machine HUD has become and channel the resources into the drug war . 
Its Houston work force now totals 230 . 
As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle . 
I mean it is a normal adult relationship . 
Fees 2 . 
`` We 're in the dark , '' he said . 
J. William Grimes , former president of ESPN , says NBC may `` come in with a huge bid for college basketball to take it away from CBS and say , ` We can overbid , too . ' 
The two companies each produce market pulp , containerboard and white paper . 
When an electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum electrodes , the heavy water did begin to break up , or dissociate . 
You already know the answer . 
The specific scene he mentions in which pet dogs are crushed is somewhat reminiscent of the continual plights that befall the coyote in the old Warner Bros . `` Road Runner '' cartoons . 
Spokesmen for Wendy 's and McDonald 's criticized Mr. Rohs 's calculations . 
What makes the veteran FBI man so endearing is his hard-bitten cynicism -- earned , we discover , when he was assigned to the civil rights movement back in the 1960s . 
Dennis R. Mangino , a general manager of EniChem Americas , was named vice president of research and development , a new post at this steel company . 
As in the U.S. , it also produced a sudden burst in the demand for sterling , that is a surge in the sterling monetary aggregates , M-Whatever . 
At the moment , Ford executives will say little beyond reiterating their desire to raise Ford 's Jaguar stake to about 15 % . 
The Chicago Board of Trade , the No. 1 U.S. grain market , had long chafed under the attention won by its innovative archrival , the livestock-dealing Mercantile Exchange . 
`` The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults , the San Andreas , the Hayward fault and the Calaveras fault . 
The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. , New Haven , Conn. , with a bid valued at $ 2.2 billion and and a proposal for seven years of 5.5 % rate increases . 
In the end , neither policy was followed , and instead of learning anything we are left with a mystery . 
On Oct. 21 , it did a rendition of the kidnapping and imprisonment of Associated Press correspondent Terry Anderson , who was abducted in March 1985 and is believed to be held in Lebanon . 
In its ruling , the NRC said that because Seabrook will be allowed to charge rates sufficient to run the plant and make payments on past construction costs , consideration of the owners ' financial condition is pointless . 
Another factor weighing on the Frankfurt market involves fears about the impending wage talks between the IG Metall metal-workers union and industry representatives , which could result in a wave of strikes next spring , traders said . 
`` The contract is definitely important to the exchange , '' says Robert Gilmore , executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission . 
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen . 
If that proves true , analysts say Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992 , when the European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers . 
For one thing , an investor 's portfolio might not closely match the S&P 100 . 
Called Otto 's Original Oat Bran Beer , the brew costs about $ 12.75 a case . 
Reports of Dr. Toseland 's findings in the British press have triggered widespread concern among diabetics there . 
Mr. Noriega 's proposal was turned down . 
In the least , we must recognize the futility of trying to use exchange-rate intervention to offset the effects of tax-rate reduction on capital flows . 
Here 's a look at some of the alternatives : 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
But who knows ? 
Union Tank Car Co. , offering of $ 100 million of equipment trust certificates , via Salomon Brothers . 
In describing that business in general , he says that when the client ca n't repay the loan , some machikin `` clutch on like hyenas '' and even take over the client 's company . 
Officials with Meredith did n't have any immediate comment on the suit . 
Your Oct. 5 editorial `` A Democratic Tax Cut '' contained an error . 
Late in London , the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks and 142.70 Japanese yen , up from late Monday in New York . 
That would require fourth-quarter net of more than about 22 cents to 24 cents a share , assuming that Mr. Stein 's third-quarter estimate proves accurate . 
An aide to the Senate Securities Subcommittee says some legislators support the concept of risk disclosure , but adds : `` nobody is wedded to the language in the bill . '' 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Ohbayashi was up 60 to close at 1,680 , Shimizu gained 50 to 2,120 , and Kumagai-Gumi advanced 40 to 1,490 . 
Within two days , he was on his way to New York and Tokyo to meet with top brass at Sony . 
\*\* Projected 
Critics of poison pills argue that they harm shareholders by letting corporate management defeat takeover bids at premium prices and by deterring premium bids from ever being made to shareholders . 
The forces at work included computer-guided trading , as well as profit-driven market makers and institutional investors who had bought stock on the cheap during the recent correction . 
That 's led industry executives to speculate that future product development will be driven more by technological innovation than by fashion whims -- especially among mass-market brands . 
But operating a U.S. department-store chain would be very difficult , '' says Motoyuki Homma , managing director of the international division at Mitsukoshi Ltd. , one of Japan 's leading department stores . 
Texas Air has run into difficulty reselling about $ 20 million of debt securities because of problems in the junk bond market , the person said . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Olin closed at $ 58.50 a share , down 25 cents . 
Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses . 
In a statement , Southern Co. President Edward L. Addison said , `` We believe our decision to plead ( guilty ) to these charges is responsible and proper . 
Workers and management , Mr. Tyszkiewicz said , would lose the `` flexibility and diversity '' that has so far allowed them to adapt to local conditions and traditions . 
And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past . 
Jim Beam Brands has a distribution partnership with Nikka Whiskey Co. , a distiller . 
Under one count , Gulf Power would plead guilty to conspiring to violate the Utility Holding Company Act . 
Itel bought a 17 % stake in Sante Fe Pacific last year and Olympia & York later purchased about a 20 % stake ; they would have interests in the new realty company in line with their holdings in Sante Fe Pacific . 
Analysts hailed the planned transaction as being beneficial to Armstrong and Shaw , the market leader in the U.S. carpet industry , with an estimated 17 % to 20 % share . 
Just beyond the city limits is a shantytown of 2,000 blacks who are employed throughout the area . 
Mr. Morishita considers himself a connoisseur of art . 
CoreStates Financial slipped 3\/8 to 43 1\/8 in active trading after reporting that third-quarter earnings improved to $ 1.27 a share from $ 1.15 a share a year earlier . 
These types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as RJR Nabisco Inc. , Storer Communications Inc. and Kroger Co . 
Assistant U.S. Attorney Terry Hart of Dallas says the government will oppose any efforts to bring in a new defense team because it would delay a retrial . 
Shearson 's application is the first since the Taiwan Securities and Exchange Commission announced June 21 that it would allow foreign brokerage firms to do business in that country . 
Investors and analysts applauded the news . 
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen . 
He simply ca n't stomach the taste of Heinz , she says . 
Crime is clearly more deadly to small-scale entrepreneurship than to big businesses . 
Raymond Donovan , the New Jersey construction executive who was forced to resign as labor secretary and indicted in 1985 , only to be acquitted of fraud charges , often calls other scandal-tossed public figures to offer a sympathetic ear . 
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases . 
Some may try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities . 
Then , Mr . Will says , `` you get a bidding war between two very rich , very determined international companies . '' 
In addition , the agreement calls for Gilbert H. Lamphere , chairman of Prospect Group 's executive committee , to be named chairman of a restructured board that will include four new independent directors . 
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor . 
In the nine months , earnings rose 12 % to $ 555.6 million , or $ 1.49 a share , from $ 494.4 million , or $ 1.31 a share , a year earlier . 
Norwood , Mass.-based Phoenix , a once-high-flying maker of software for personal computers , has had substantial losses in the past two quarters . 
When U.S. trading began , Treasury bonds received an additional boost from news that sales of new single-family homes fell 14 % in September . 
`` The agency has concluded that contamination may be widespread throughout the mushroom-processing industry in China , '' an FDA spokesman said yesterday . 
Terms for the venture , which would be jointly owned by both companies , were n't disclosed . 
In the Securities and Exchange Commission filings , the group has said it may seek control of Rally 's . 
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet . 
And You Are There , sort of : 
According to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , options trading in Nekoosa was also heavy , ranking only behind International Business Machines Corp. and UAL in volume on the Chicago Board Options Exchange . 
Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage and trading firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. of the U.S. and Japan 's Nomura Securities Co . 
Mr. McDuffie 's sweet tone , heartfelt lyricism and rhythmic punch make him an ideal interpreter of both works . 
Everyone around me lives well . 
AMR 's earnings decline comes a year after the parent company of American Airlines and the rest of the airline industry set profit records . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
But attention also rivets on who finishes last , and Pine Bluff , Ark. -- which finished third to last in 1981 and second to last in 1985 -- is certainly in the running . 
I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across the bay . 
Nissan Motor Co. 's domestic auto sales are up 20 % this year largely because its expensive Cima , Sylvia and Cefiro models are in heavy demand . 
He said the transaction was made for investment purposes . 
A federal official said that Continental Bank worked with securities and banking regulators over the weekend to fashion the Fossett bailout , but that conditions were n't dictated by those agencies . 
Belatedly aware of public concern , lawmakers and financial middlemen are working overtime to create and sell college savings and investment schemes . 
Mr. Cremonie 's firm once held about 4.8 % of H&R Block . 
Some traders said institutions were waiting to see the U.S. jobless rate to be issued Friday . 
And as a result -- as the recent vote by the House to undo Mr. Cheney 's program terminations suggests -- the preservation of jobs is becoming the real goal of defense `` strategy . '' 
The Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said it will introduce a stock and bond fund that will invest in `` socially responsible '' companies , and a bond fund . 
For instance , some investors have sworn off stocks since the 1987 market crash ; last Friday 's debacle only reinforced those feelings . 
The figures are shocking . 
And the naczelnik shuts his door . 
`` I 'm happy and sad , '' he said . 
These are curious times in South African politics . 
Both of Dr. Baltimore 's public faces have been on view the past few weeks while he was under consideration to succeed Joshua Lederberg as head of the prestigious Rockefeller research institution . 
At a meeting in Malaysia , Australia and Canada also assailed the British prime minister for criticizing the 49-nation group 's call for Pretoria to ease apartheid . 
Shortly after that , Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million and offer its co-chairmen , Peter Guber and Jon Peters , the chance to run Columbia . 
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater said negotiations between Bush aides and lawmakers ended Monday without success . 
`` Maybe three years ago , there were a lot of { Ty } Cobbs in the hobby , and awhile back there were Babe Ruth checks , '' says Mr. Smalling . 
The company 's latest moves were disclosed after the Australian Stock Exchange suspended trading in shares of Qintex Australia and Qintex Ltd. because the companies had n't answered an exchange inquiry about the extent of their loans , investments and deposits at Qintex Entertainment . 
Coca-Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft-drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country . 
Import values are calculated on a cost , insurance and freight ( c.i.f . ) basis , while exports are accounted for on a free-on-board ( f.o.b . ) basis . 
These procedures consume millions of man-hours of labor and produce tons of paper , and each year , their end product -- the Five Year Defense Plan -- promptly melts away . 
But Mr. Shore says that company 's exclusive advertising rights extend only to the insurance and financial services category . 
Rates for the Wall Street Journal Reports will remain unchanged . 
The team even created a points system to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time . 
Daffynition 
And despite their share of duds , they make movies that make money . 
And , like corporates , many municipal bonds are callable . 
Sales : $ 8.98 billion 
This means that the maximum yearly Social Security tax paid by workers and employers each will rise $ 250.80 next year to $ 3,855.60 . 
Since most prosecutors would n't be able to demonstrate conclusively that racial considerations did n't affect sentencing , executions everywhere might come to a halt , Mr. Boyd explains . 
Directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank , two of Norway 's leading banks , announced they had agreed to the formal merger of the banks . 
The chemical segment had a $ 6 million gain on the sale of ammonia and urea businesses , which was offset by a $ 6 million charge for future environmental expenditures . 
Banc One said `` it is contemplated '' that John B. McCoy , chairman and chief executive officer , will assume the additional position of president upon Mr. McKinney 's retirement . 
Mr. Schneider is cool to Georgia Pacific and Abitibi-Price . 
Viacom officials declined to comment . 
Few analysts had much good to say about the pound 's near-term prospects , despite the fact that most do n't anticipate a shift in Mrs. Thatcher 's economic policies . 
The Fed has been intervening in foreign currency markets , all right , but through August , at least , it appeared to be `` sterilizing '' the intervention . 
The 6 3\/4 % notes due April 1994 were up 0.10 point to 97.85 to yield 7.31 % . 
`` But we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's . 
GM trimmed about 40 firms from its approved local counsel list , Mr. Pearce says . 
In following several other oil and gas partnerships that have made the conversion to a corporation in the last year , NRM also noted that tax advantages for partnerships have diminished under new tax laws and said it would save $ 2 million a year in administrative costs from the change . 
Use of dispersants was approved when a test on the third day showed some positive results , officials said . 
Each time a new scandal hits , he says , `` it pulls the scabs off your knees . '' 
It also is considered critical to the country 's efforts to both attract other investment from Taiwan and raise heavy industry capabilities . 
That 's a taxable-equivalent yield nearly three percentage points more than the current yield on 30-year Treasury bonds . 
And Mr. Niles , the program producer , contends that Kodak 's move is `` a sound marketing decision . 
Kadane Oil Co. , a small Texas independent , is currently drilling two wells itself and putting money into three others . 
Howard Rubel , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc. in New York , said the shift reflects Boeing confidence in Mr. Pinick , described by Mr. Rubel as an expert on doing business with the military . 
But he said Dentsu has n't looked seriously at Saatchi . 
Those hopes were dashed when the stock market put in a relatively quiet performance . 
`` We are positioned to come through , '' he said , noting that the company 's backlog was up from the previous quarter . 
At the same time it has been caught in an earnings squeeze . 
With the exception of August , when exports rose 2.1 % , exports have declined every month from year-earlier levels since March . 
The index settled off the high of 2117.1 posted after Wall Street opened stronger . 
Moody 's also said it raised its rating on the Deposit Insurance Bridge Bank , now known as Bank One , Texas N.A. , reflecting the support of other banking affiliates and substantial assistance for the FDIC . 
DALLAS AND HOUSTON law firms merge : Jackson & Walker , a 130-lawyer firm in Dallas and Datson & Scofield , a 70-lawyer firm in Houston said they have agreed in principle to merge . 
Borrowers ' incentives are equally skewed . 
Put these together , and you get programs about rape . 
`` He has mastered the art of survival . '' 
The firm said that losers outnumbered gainers by more than three to one among the 122 funds it tracks . 
Revenue gained 13 % to $ 77.3 million from $ 68.5 million . 
Moscow , which left the group in 1983 to avoid explusion over allegations that political dissidents were being certified as insane , could be suspended if the misuse of psychiatry against dissenters is discovered during a review within a year . 
Daffynition 
Currency traders , suspecting Mr. Major wo n't defend the pound strenuously , sent the British currency sharply lower Friday against the dollar and West German mark . 
A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect on the quarter 's earnings , but said the company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 . 
Besides the marketing agreement , GRE said Nationwide Anglia has agreed to develop life insurance products with the composite insurer . 
Yesterday , gold traded within a narrow range . 
The outlook for corporate earnings is fairly bleak . 
That 's the dilemma for today 's parent . 
The latest period included a $ 9 million write-down on undeveloped land , while the year-earlier period included a $ 46 million reserve for real-estate losses . 
The Chosen Soren and the JSP immediately denied the report . 
`` I was doing the laundry and nearly broke my neck running upstairs to see who was there , and it was nobody , '' she says , eyes wide at the recollection . 
Offices were set up in San Francisco and San Jose . 
But the company 's latest quarter was a few pennies a share lower than the more pessimistic projections on Wall Street . 
The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy or sell baskets of stocks and offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures to lock in profits . 
While people within Daiwa , particularly internationalists , expected that Mr. Dozen , 52 , would eventually become Daiwa 's president , the speed of his promotion surprised many . 
The managers said in a brief statement yesterday that Morgan will help evaluate DFC 's position and help determine alternatives . 
The plan calls for Cray Research holders to receive one share in the new company for every two shares held . 
Sales rose 8.5 % to 195.19 billion yen from 179.916 billion yen . 
Sears has been counting on growth coming from the large displays of brand-name merchandise it is adding to its stores over the next two years in what it calls `` power formats . '' 
On the Big Board , Crawford & Co. , Atlanta , ( CFD ) begins trading today . 
They are coming to publishers looking for ideas . 
`` It 's like the U.S. and the Russians : Nobody wants to disarm first . '' 
That is n't much compared with what Bill Cosby makes , or even Connie Chung for that matter ( who is paid $ 1.6 million a year and who recently did a guest shot of her own on the sitcom `` Murphy Brown '' ) . 
Fed officials probably wo n't drive down rates immediately , Mr. Keith said . 
Because of the charge , Ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and `` significantly lower results '' for fiscal 1989 . 
Dana also said it was hurt by slumping U.S. truck sales and by a strike at a parts supplier . 
Earlier this year , Martin Feldstein , president of the National Bureau of Economic Research , argued forcefully that a government that wants steady , stable exchange rates might try some steady stable economic policies . 
The Red Cross has opened 30 shelters in the Bay area , serving 5,000 people . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
Investment capital is creeping back , and oil properties are fetching more . 
The Arizona Corporations Commission authorized an 11.5 % rate increase at Tucson Electric Power Co. , substantially lower than recommended last month by a commission hearing officer and barely half the rise sought by the utility . 
Nuclear power plants are acceptable . 
Expect `` tricky '' stuff from pitchers , says Mr. Weaver , the manager . 
National Market System volume improved to 94,425,000 shares from 71.7 million Monday . 
Her appetite for children also was large . 
Among the major banks surveyed by Banxquote in six regions of the country , 8.33 % is the highest yield available . 
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman . 
Although Mr. Morishita says little about his business , he offers one rule to success : Never gamble too far . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year . 
Cathay is working to promote Hong Kong as a destination worth visiting on its own merits , rather than just a stopover . 
Generally , the Bush administration expressed satisfaction with the economy 's progress as it heads into its eighth year of sustained growth next month . 
President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice . 
Such support usually comes from arbitragers who use a strong British pound to buy copper in New York . 
Seeing all those millions in action , I was just so relieved that Ms. Gruberova , gawky thing that she is , did n't accidentally smother herself in a drape . 
While `` the tone '' of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound , seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter , Pittston said . 
The number of building permits issued for future construction dropped 2.4 % to a 1,296,000 annual rate after rising 3.7 % in August . 
Also announcing his resignation Thursday was Alan Walters , Mrs. Thatcher 's economic adviser and Mr. Lawson 's nemesis . 
The inclusion at one point , for example , of a list of glitzy modern-day malefactors , ranging from Jim Bakker and Leona Helmsley to Zsa Zsa Gabor , is a bid for a cheap laugh unworthy of Mr. Boyd 's ability . 
Mr. Miller notes that actor Paul Newman 's family owned a sporting-goods store in Cleveland , that the late actress Margaret Hamilton , who played the bad witch in `` The Wizard Of Oz , '' once ran a nursery school in Cleveland and that comedian Bob Hope 's father , a stonemason , once worked on a church next to Severence Hall , Cleveland 's main concert hall . 
He succeeds as president , Don Freeberg , who remains chairman and chief executive officer . 
Common shares outstanding : 120 million 
That 's the path of reasoning leading to growth stocks . 
Long-term bond prices rose despite trepidation about what a key economic report will show today . 
Adm. Goupil said that when the F-18s wear out , the navy is prepared to take Rafales to replace them . 
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 . 
`` We 're seeing a real turnaround in interest in small growth stocks , '' he says . 
`` It sure smells like it , '' he said . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Esselte closed yesterday at $ 43.50 a share , up $ 1 . 
But an uninvited guest is expected to try to crash the party . 
Trading in futures and options , some people believe , can add to volatility . 
As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , or the ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue . 
Mr. Cheng says the low margin required for trading futures attracted a lot of small investors before the 1987 crash who did n't realize that their risk was virtually unlimited . 
G.D. Searle & Co. said the Food and Drug Administration approved the sale of Kerlone , a hypertension drug developed by a joint venture between Searle and a French concern . 
Mr. Noriega believes he has n't any alternative but to continue clutching to power . 
Sales of North American-built cars and trucks plunged 20.5 % in mid-October from a year earlier , as domestic manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier this year . 
The mergers and acquisitions market has been a saving grace for the industry , but uncertainties are beginning to mount even there . 
Even if Mr. Crandall is correct , he of all people must realize our society relies on competition to keep prices at a competitive level . 
The British defense electronics group has said it will sell # 100 million in assets and may seek a merger to strengthen itself in the wake of its troubles . 
If Mr. Gorbachev is looking toward unleashing the productive forces of the market , these latest resolutions are nothing short of reckless . 
AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : `` Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... . 
Teijin was up 15 at 936 , and Kyowa Hakko gained 30 to 1,770 . 
We cruise toward another set of pilings . 
Asked how he made charitable gifts of $ 26,350 out of reported two-year income of $ 46,892 , Thomas H. McFall of Bryan , Texas , told the Tax Court he had understated his income . 
Others are replacing older facilities with flexible assembly lines on which different models can be turned out at once . 
Stock prices rose slightly as trading slowed , while bonds ended little changed despite a slumping dollar . 
With reduced exports and rising imports , South Korea 's trade surpluses with the U.S. and Europe between January and September fell sharply from a year ago , the Customs Administration said . 
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment . 
Great Western said it had a sharp increase in margins in the recent third quarter . 
Its partners are United 's pilots , who were to own 75 % , and UAL management at 10 % . 
Now this remarkable economic growth seems to be coming to an end because the government has not converted itself into a modern , democratic , `` developed nation '' mode of operation . 
Frederick H. Hallett Vice President Industry and Government Relations White Consolidated Industries Inc . Washington 
`` The loss is in line with our expectations , '' said John C. Maxwell III , an analyst with Dillon , Read & Co. in New York . 
By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad , he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost . 
On Friday , the firms filed a suit against West Virginia in New York state court asking for a declaratory judgment absolving them of liability . 
Well , mankind can rest easier for now . 
Municipals 
Same store-sales for Kentucky Fried Chicken , which has struggled with increased competition in the fast-food chicken market and a lack of new products , rose only 1 % . 
Housing , for instance , has remained a fairly steady component of household assets over the past decade -- although common wisdom would have expected an increase . 
But it showed strength throughout the session , hitting a low of only 2102.2 within the first few minutes of dealings . 
Indeed , USX said it expects the market for coated sheet steel to reach 12 million tons annually by 1992 , compared with 10.2 million tons shipped in 1988 . 
People familiar with B.A.T say possible acquirers for the units include managers from both retailing chains , and General Cinema Corp. , which is interested in bidding for Saks . 
The subsidiary is n't expected to be profitable for at least one year . 
CONSERVATIVES EXPECT Bush to solidify their majority on a key court . 
The contract will be based on the three-month Hong Kong interbank offered rate , or Hibor . 
Some European analysts speculated that officials of Saab 's highly profitable Scania truck operation balked at surrendering any of their autonomy . 
Moreover , he notes that analyzing financial results `` poses a problem for a salesman who is n't particularly familiar with a balance sheet . '' 
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting . 
Business : Railroad , natural resources and real estate 
Industry executives said Interpublic approached Saatchi in August about buying its Campbell-Mithun-Esty unit , but was turned down by Chairman Maurice Saatchi . 
It includes apartments , shopping centers , office buildings and undeveloped land . 
-- The junk bonds of RJR Nabisco Inc. rallied Friday on news that the company is selling its candy bar brands to Nestle Foods Corp. for $ 370 million . 
But such partnerships are common in mining , where there are n't problems or conflict of interest or risk of cheating by a partner , '' Trelleborg 's president says . 
It 's understood that MGM\/UA recently contacted Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , which made two failed bids for the movie studio , to see if the company was still interested . 
When this plan met resistance , it was agreed instead to take money from HUD to subsidize needed improvements in two settling ponds for the mills , which employ an estimated 1,500 workers , according to Mr. Inouye 's office . 
Far from promoting a commonality of interests among black , white , Hispanic and other minority voters , drawing the district lines according to race suggests that race is the voter 's and the candidate 's most important trait . 
Rolled copper product sales were major contributors to overall sales growth . 
Mr. Jordan of GM , meanwhile , still criticizes Japanese styling . 
Small-business suppliers want prisons to stop getting high priority , especially as prison production grows with swelling inmate populations . 
If a president had a line-item veto and wanted to force him to support a controversial foreign-policy initiative , Rep. Edwards says , the president could call and declare that he would single-handedly kill the BART funds unless the congressman `` shapes up '' on the foreign-policy issue . 
The league is the brainchild of Colorado real estate developer James Morley -- once a minor-leaguer himself -- who says he had the idea last January while lying on a beach in Australia . 
`` You 'll never know 'til you try , '' says a black skier . 
A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers . 
A spokesman for North Carolina Gov. Martin says Hugo has n't prompted proposals for state or local increases . 
The agency is working on licensing importers but does n't currently monitor imports . 
On many issues -- flag-burning , for instance -- his keen political sensitivities overcome such conflicts . 
U.S. District Judge Robert P. Patterson Jr. ordered the FBI to immediately begin processing Herman Benjamin Ferguson 's request for documents stemming from the agency 's investigation of him during the 1960s . 
HOPES OF SIMPLIFYING the corporate minimum tax before 1990 are weakening . 
He said Chase and the Atlas estate were looking to sell the entire building for $ 400 million to $ 475 million , but did n't get an offer for more than $ 375 million . 
a - Includes a one-time gain of $ 88.7 million from a commonstock sale by U S West 's U S West New Vector Group . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 6.76 points in a spate of bargain-hunting following last week 's declines . 
New management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty . 
Marcus W. Brauchli contributed to this article . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Last March , nine months after the judge 's swearing-in , the state attorney general 's office indicted him on a sweeping array of charges alleging more than 10 years of `` official oppression '' in Cambria County , a depressed steel and mining community in western Pennsylvania . 
And , at least once a show , someone delivers the line `` Get off that soapbox . '' 
Sometimes , the ads attempt to raise money ; always , they try to boost good will . 
DIG is the vehicle being used to pursue to acquisition . 
Again , no free lunch . 
He said Mr. Klein will return to his post at the end of the trial `` at which he will be vindicated . '' 
But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market . 
The opening show featured a secretary of defense designate accused of womanizing ( a la John Tower ) . 
He co-founded the company with Grant Tinker and Mary Tyler Moore in 1969 . 
The effects on the market of the mostly computer-driven sell-off among exchange-listed stocks irked many market makers , who watched the Nasdaq Composite Index tumble in sympathy with the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and then saw it get left behind in the subsequent rally . 
All three new models are outselling their predecessors by wide margins . 
Outokumpu is a mining , trading and construction concern . 
How would this bastion of traditional values fare in Ms. Bogart 's iconoclastic hands ? 
Kyle Technology Corp. said a Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share . 
At these offices , earthquake victims will be helped in filling out a one-page form that they will need to qualify for such federal assistance as home-improvement loans and to repair houses . 
Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were envelopes , folded , faded and crumpled papers and currency . 
P&G already sells its Folgers ground roast coffee to food service concerns , but not to as many markets as Maryland Club . 
`` I was upset with Roger , I fumpered and schmumpered , '' says Mr. Peters . 
The company estimates its total debt at about $ 5.2 billion . 
IBM also said it expects to benefit from the expertise that Motorola and other companies can bring to bear on the difficult problems involved in semiconductor manufacturing . 
Why Mr. Jackson , who could n't be reached for comment , has made some of his checks available for sale is n't clear . 
9:38 a.m . 
Some abortion advocates have been asking themselves this very question . 
`` The ad campaign is meant to contemporize the thought of National Geographic , '' she says . 
After the close of trading Friday , the Agriculture Department reported that feedlots in the 13 biggest ranch states held 8.06 million cattle on Oct. 1 , down 6 % from that date a year earlier . 
Nearly half of them argue that Hong Kong 's uneasy relationship with China will constrain -- though not inhibit -- long-term economic growth . 
Over the next 20 years , California Plant Protection opened 125 offices around the country . 
It is the line beyond which the press can report not only on the bankruptcy of factories but on the failures of even admirable leaders . 
The competition is even more heated in the auto industry , where companies are racing one another in a world-wide market . 
NORC 's most recent opinion surveys find the youngest adults indeed somewhat more pro-Reagan and pro-Republican than other adults . 
Elected to Congress in 1978 , the 48-year-old Mr. Courter is part of a generation of young conservatives who were once very much in the lead of the rightward shift under Mr. Reagan . 
The two met more than 30 years ago , when Mr. Simmons worked for Commercial Bank & Trust Co. of Midland , Texas , where Mr. Bush was an organizing director . 
Then the Gutfreunds determined to put up a 22-foot Christmas tree , weighing a quarter of a ton , to amaze their holiday guests . 
But when stocks held steady , Treasury bonds later retreated . 
The discount rate , currently 7 % , is the rate the Fed charges member banks for loans , using government securities as collateral . 
When a small company goes belly-up , for instance , the gossipy weekly magazines are often quick to link the demise with Aichi . 
They carry a 7 % coupon . 
The posters were sold for $ 1,300 to $ 6,000 , although the government says they had a value of only $ 53 to $ 200 apiece . 
Traders expect the bonds to yield about 0.60 to 0.65 percentage point above the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which ended Tuesday with a yield of about 7.90 % . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The new gritty game became a money maker for Wall Street 's once austere old-name houses . 
The government 's assertions of the cover-up were made in last minute pretrial motions . 
`` The quality of earnings was n't as high as I expected , '' said Eric Philo , an analyst for Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Continental , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , slashed the size of its note offering from $ 150 million to $ 71 million . 
Mr. Terrizzi confirms some clients have left Renaissance , but no major ones , and the firm has added new accounts . 
No one has researched the long-term effects of RU-486 on a woman 's health or fertility . 
In addition to having high price-earnings ratios , most pay puny dividends , if any . 
When he visited the company 's office , he says , it had `` all the trappings of legitimacy . '' 
They estimate the value of the transaction at close to $ 100 million . 
First , if I canceled , I 'd have no more insurance , a not insignificant consideration . 
The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders . 
As Georgia-Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise . 
While recent events may cool some of the leveraged buy-out fever , Japanese banks are n't likely to walk away from the game . 
In California , this is the reality . 
Longtime Hollywood associates describe Mr. Guber as the intellectual powerhouse of the two , a man with a flair for deal-making and marketing . 
Ogden Projects Inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter . 
Justice is attempting to avoid a replay of these tactics . 
But increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors who try to follow its dips and swings . 
If nothing else , the 57-year-old 's past has its share of dents . 
The word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey , with no paper trail and no bite to their tongue or pen . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5820 , up from $ 1.5795 late Friday . 
James A. Hagen , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that earnings advanced `` in the face of a drop in business , brought on by the general economic slowdown . '' 
Last week the British displayed unusual political immaturity . 
The rally brought the gain so far this week to about 114 points . 
For instance , he says , International Business Machines and Unisys might look cheap , but investors might continue to do better with stocks like Walt Disney , Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola , strong performers in recent years . 
His point was there is no reason for East Germany to copy Soviet-style changes . 
He plans to tell clients to pay certain fees directly to the foundation instead of to him ; he would omit those fees from income reported on his return . 
William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , said Lincoln Savings & Loan Association should have been seized by the government in 1986 to contain losses that he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion . 
Although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort , at least temporarily , and to return to running the company full time . 
All 700 Toronto-based employees will be offered positions in Calgary , the company said . 
A House-Senate conference reached agreement Oct. 5 on virtually all major provisions of the bill , but final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men over the fate of a modest Arkansas-based program to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their dependence on chemical fertilizers and pesticides . 
As a result , consumer prices for the first 10 months of 1989 surged by 5 % and wholesale prices by 1.3 % . 
Sales declined slightly to $ 5.17 billion . 
Pound concerns aside , the lack of strong buying interest in the yen is another boon for the dollar , many traders say . 
In late May , Newmark & Lewis announced a plan to cut prices 5 % to 20 % and eliminate what it called a `` standard discount-retailing practice '' of negotiating individual deals with customers . 
Conversely , there are the majority of unsuccessful schools , and we know which efforts at educational reform are doomed beforehand . 
In January , Mr. Salvatori sold the unit . 
Yet the group 's limited resources makes it a niche player . 
Also participating in the finals was Los Angeles agency Hakuhodo Advertising America . 
It also will hand Unilab new markets . 
British Airways PLC said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Airlines parent UAL Corp. following the collapse of a $ 6.79 billion , $ 300-a-share buy-out bid . 
James Barth , an economist with the Office of Thrift Supervision , also attributed some of the outflow to seasonal factors . 
This gap eventually closes , but slowly . 
That is , he is being compelled to put them on the market too soon , and has already gotten offers that are less than he paid for some of the art works . 
One reason futures are said to add volatility is that -- unlike in stocks -- people can speculate in futures with little money down . 
The issue by Chicago & North Western is one of the so-called good junk-bond offerings on the new-issue calendar . 
ENI needs to know what 's coming as it prepares to spend some $ 1.3 billion on upgrading its refineries , he says . 
`` The intimate apparel industry is perceived to be a growth industry and clearly { Maidenform } is a force to be reckoned with , '' says David S. Leibowitz , a special situations analyst at American Securities Corp. in New York . 
The second ship is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 and the third in fall 1991 . 
At TWA , the System Board of Adjustment hears 50 to 75 cases a year , only a fraction of the complaints brought to personnel specialists . 
The separate contracts were from Paragould Light & Water Commission , a utility in Paragould , Ark. , and PSE Inc. , a cogeneration-plant operator in Houston . 
Ready to jump ? 
Enthusiasts say the booming market has opened up a valuable new source of funds to issuers , while providing a valuable new investment for individuals and institutions . 
The five partners who resigned from Shea & Gould late last week are Tom Hutton , Sam Ingram , Dean Yuzek , Daniel Carroll and Ernest Bertolotti . 
Computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. , based in Palo Alto , says one of its buildings sustained severe damage when it was knocked off its foundation . 
But he did n't know which gene or genes had disappeared . 
IBM , based in Armonk , N.Y. , has dominated the market for decades . 
`` I consider it one of the stupidest ideas of the 20th century , '' he says . 
Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its large capital base , its influential position in the Tokyo market and its links to Japanese corporations and institutional investors . 
Getting a community of parents to care again about its schools is essential , but in Chicago the new boards will make mistakes and Mr. Kimbrough will have to identify them . 
The 6 3\/4 % notes yield 6.25 % . 
The compromise proposal , ending a long impasse between Democrats and the president , would boost the minimum wage to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 from $ 3.35 now . 
By contrast , the pistons in conventional four-stroke engines must move up and down twice in each power cycle . 
The centers comprise a total of about 1.6 million square feet of retail space . 
After four years of no progress in this direction , it is doubtful any viable collaboration with Ms. Bartlett will suddenly now be possible . 
`` They looked like ordinary vacationers at first , '' says Willy LLerena , owner of Travel Air Service in Monte Bello , Calif. , describing five men who entered his agency last June . 
In late August , four contract workers were injured and one Phillips employee died after an explosion at a fuel supply line near the facility 's boiler house . 
Mr. Tisch , a billionaire in hotels and finance , was just learning the TV business . 
He also will sit on the company 's corporate planning and policy committee , made up of the top corporate and operating executives . 
`` The balloon had been blown up so big that when somebody came along with a pin -- in this case the UAL deal -- we got a little pop . '' 
Only 10 years ago , for instance , Lloyd 's was the pre-eminent insurer of thoroughbred horses . 
`` Conservatives shoot their own , '' he says . 
New customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang 's long-term viability , are even tougher . 
The figures do n't include substantial dividends on holdings of Bear Stearns stock . 
The plaintiffs are investors who bought and sold securities in which Mr. Boesky and his partnerships were dealing . 
Berlin 's Villa Grisebach will auction art works with pre-sale estimates of less than $ 1,600 on Nov. 25 . 
`` We 're not afraid of obsoleting some of our old stuff to stay ahead of the competition , '' he said . 
The Kraft package included a specially published cookbook , a national free-standing insert in Sunday newspapers , and a Kraft `` advertorial '' section that ran in five Meredith magazines . 
West German government bond prices took a wild roller-coaster ride , pulled down by Monday 's U.S. stock market gains then up by a wider-than-expected U.S. trade deficit and falling U.S. stock prices . 
`` I do n't think I have a life style that is , frankly , so flamboyant , '' he says . 
On the other hand , Valley National tumbled 24 % after reporting a sizable third-quarter loss . 
Jumping in on big deals is a high profile way to leapfrog the problem of not having a strong retail-banking network . 
Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plans will miss its projections of earnings before interest , tax and depreciation by $ 100 million , and that Eastern 's plan presented no comfort level , according to a source present at yesterday 's session . 
The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as sales , marketing , finance and research and development , Mr. Lane said . 
Given their own penchant for book writing , it is surprising that none of the masters of scandal survival have yet published a guide to the art . 
The union on Oct. 5 requested that the contract be reopened to restore all pay and benefits that the union gave up in the 1982-83 and 1986-87 rounds of bargaining . 
Those teams of young fund-raisers selling flowers , peanuts or begging outright at traffic intersections brought in somewhere near $ 20 million a year during the mid-to-late 1970s , but those revenues were a pittance compared to the costs of Mr. Moon 's lavish international conferences , speaking tours , and assorted land buys . 
Mr. Wolf owns 75,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 250,000 at $ 83.3125 each . 
A state-of-the-art plant cost $ 40 million in the mid-1970s but costs $ 500 million today because the technology is so complex . 
The finance minister 's order was n't sparked by a single event and does n't indicate a souring in relations between the neighboring countries . 
Sales were $ 12 billion , off 13 % from $ 13.8 billion . 
Before he was confirmed , Sullivan said he had `` reservations about any blanket prohibitions on medical research . '' 
`` Interest by Japanese investors was limited , '' said Michael Moran , chief economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc . 
Wang 's installed base is one of its greatest assets , and many of those customers remain extremely loyal . 
`` We were just surprised , '' says Tad Inada , NASDA 's director for international affairs . 
`` We are a vanishing breed , '' he muses . 
But some analysts , particularly conservative legal scholars , have urged Mr. Bush not to wait for explicit authorization but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto . 
Both hope to encourage pressure for change in East bloc countries still ruled by Stalinist holdouts by arranging liberal financial aid and trade benefits for Poland , Hungary and , to a lesser extent , the Soviet Union . 
West Germany 's biggest union , IG Metall , said it is ready to back demands for more pay and shorter hours with strikes against the nation 's automotive , steel and engineering industries . 
Equally important , the initial discovery of the gene that controls retinal cell growth , made by a Boston doctor named Thaddeus Dryja , has opened a field of cancer study , which in recent months has exploded . 
`` Our antibody specifically killed infected cells at a very low dose , but it can also kill other cells , '' said Dr. Yonehara . 
Per-share net rose to 44.08 yen from 36.13 yen . 
The bonds will be issued for a term of 34 years at an interest rate of 8 % . 
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132,620,000 of housing mortgage revenue ( AMT and non-AMT ) bonds , via a PaineWebber group . 
At the very least , a recession would prompt investors to buy the highest-quality bonds they can find -- that is , Treasurys . 
Do n't worry ; people will learn to read as long as there are TV program listings . 
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
Ms. Parks and her mother indicated they want to `` catch him unawares from behind , '' he says . 
Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership and demanded free speech , controls on the security forces and an end to official privileges . 
Cipher Data , a San Diego maker of magnetic tape peripherals and optical disc drives , said the loss included reserves of $ 3.8 million related to a corporate restructuring . 
Short selling is n't necessarily bad for the overall market . 
The robot probe was dispatched Wednesday by the shuttle crew , which is to conduct a series of medical and other experiments before their scheduled landing Monday in California . 
The size of the cuts is n't known , but they 'll be centered in the exploration and production division , which is responsible for locating oil reserves , drilling wells and pumping crude oil and natural gas . 
`` I suppose you could say the good news is that the deficits are not heading up , '' he said , `` but you ca n't be satisfied with deficits at this level and we 're not . '' 
`` I feel people should be allowed to remember players as they were . '' 
Such a change meant the reorganization plan the creditors had agreed on was no longer valid , and the two sides had to begin negotiating again . 
Beef prices , hovering near records since the drought , could drop in earnest this winter if ranchers expand herds . 
`` Filtered news is what people want , '' says Esther Dyson , editor of Release 1.0 , an industry newsletter that spots new developments . 
Last Thursday , Merrill Lynch securities analyst Peter Falco downgraded his investment rating on the firm , according to Dow Jones Professional Investors Report , citing a slowdown in the credit-reporting business . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Gintel said Xtra `` has pursued business strategies that are n't in the best interest of stockholders . 
Municipal bonds are generally a bit safer than corporate bonds in a recession , but not as safe as bonds issued by the federal government . 
Imo Industries Inc. -- $ 150 million of senior subordinated debentures due 2001 , priced at par to yield 12 % . 
The closely held supermarket chain named Frank Nicastro vice president and treasurer . 
Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized . 
The official , John DeVillars , asked Clean Harbors for more information before ruling on a permit for the site . 
Analysts said the company 's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores , allowing National Convenience to quickly track items that are selling and those that are n't . 
The S&P 500 index futures `` transferred the identity of 500 stocks into one unit - making them a simple commodity to trade , '' says George Kegler , senior vice president at A. Webster Dougherty in Philadelphia . 
The Tiger merger agreement stipulated that the lists be combined on the basis of tenure . 
That inquiry has n't resolved similar allegations involving another Chemical options trader . 
Ferro Corp. said it will buy back as many as one million common shares . 
The sense grows that modern public bureaucracies simply do n't perform their assigned functions well . 
The Association of Quality Clubs , which puts 1988 industry revenue at $ 5 billion , surveyed the health-conscious over-40 market and found that 43 % exercise regularly . 
Givaudan Far East Ltd. , a Swiss concern that sells chemicals to shampoo and soap factories in China , typifies the problems . 
The intangible benefits may prove extremely costly if CBS ca n't avoid big losses on the sports coverage itself . 
Farmers in loose turbans and fancy earrings spend their afternoons laughing and gossiping at the markets . 
Mr. Ingersoll remains editor in chief of the company 's recently launched daily , the St. Louis Sun . 
The company 's current management found itself `` locked into this , '' he said . 
Mrs. Thatcher `` does n't like taking orders from foreigners , '' says Tim Congdon , economist with Gerrard & National Holding PLC . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
Unfortunately , the author simply does n't supply the philosophical frame to sustain his reportorial talents . 
We had intercepted during the year an estimated $ 5 billion street value of cocaine . 
The subscribers are in 52 different communities in Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi . 
But analysts say Sansui is a special case . 
The U.S. exchanges need both market integrity and cost-efficiency ; long-term growth depends on it . 
The Senate Agriculture Committee is responding to trading abuses in the futures markets with a far-reaching bill that would become the Futures Trading Practices Act of 1989 . 
Dallas investor Harold C. Simmons said he raised his stake in Lockheed Corp. to 10.62 % from 10.43 % of the aerospace and electronics concern 's common shares . 
The White House said Ms. Hesse , a Chicago businesswoman who previously held posts at the Energy Department and FERC , is leaving to become a vice president of First Chicago Corp . 
Not just that people are being heard but that their interests are being taken seriously . '' 
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers , including Mrs. Lombardi , whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty . 
The IL-4 receptor on the surface of such cells receives the hormone 's message to rally the body 's defense . 
`` These loans are more of a focus than lesser-developed-country debt now , '' said William Bee , senior block trader at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
Though Ms. Volokh is a small woman , she has an outsized personality and dramatic flair that seem perfectly suited to capitalism as it is practiced in Hollywood . 
`` I do n't think the Bush administration has done anything , '' he says . 
Less-than-truckload companies , which carry the freight of several shippers in each truck trailer , discounted away a 4.7 % rate increase implemented last April . 
Time argues that in joining up with Tele-Communications , Viacom has potentially more power , particularly since Viacom also owns cable networks MTV , VH-1 and Nick at Nite . 
But Mr. Wathen 's team still must pay down about $ 82 million of long-term bank debt from the acquisition within the next four years . 
Other blue-chip consumer issues also fared relatively well : PepsiCo rose 1 3\/8 to 58 1\/2 ; Coca-Cola Co. was unchanged at 66 3\/4 ; McDonald 's also closed unchanged at 30 1\/2 , and Merck rose 1\/2 to 75 1\/4 . 
`` We must find any way to get business . '' 
The move by the nation 's largest steelmaker follows a string of earlier announcements by other major steel companies . 
The Soviet Union abstained from a U.N. General Assembly vote to reject Israel 's credentials . 
White Males 
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . '' 
Labor and business leaders , quoted at the White House Rose Garden rites , hailed its provisions for insuring corporate pension benefits . 
This may seem to be a preposterous and utterly futile effort in Africa . 
Odd Cars , Funny Names 
The 23-5 vote clears the way for consideration on the House floor next week or the week after . 
Moreover , while Asian and Middle Eastern investors hoard gold and help underpin its price , silver does n't have the same mystique , dealers say . 
A.F. Sloan , 60 years old , announced that he will retire next April as chairman and chief executive officer of this snack food and bakery products maker . 
As the head of the House conferees , Rep. Aspin has been under intense pressure from his colleagues to reject Senate provisions that would have abruptly cut further F-14 production . 
WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of video display terminals and workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today . 
`` It 's not like selling Chevrolets , '' Mr. Paul says , as he takes a drag on a goldbanded St. Moritz cigarette . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Among bigger OTC stocks , the figures represent 2.05 days of average daily volume , compared with 2.14 days in September . 
Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , published and printed in Hong Kong and also printed in Singapore and Tokyo , will rise 8 % . 
`` They want to turn everything upside down in a week . 
In a separate SEC filing , Albert Safer , who holds 6.46 % of United Merchants , said he retained investment bank Lazard Freres & Co. for advice as he evaluates the possibility of making a bid for the textile maker . 
And most vacationers still prefer a warm climate for their winter excursions . 
Results for that quarter included a $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write-down associated with the consolidation of a facility . 
The $ 475,000 sale price earlier this month was the lowest in nearly three years . 
ARTICLE I , SECTION 7 , CLAUSE 3 : 
Domestic soft-drink bottler case sales are estimated to have risen only 1 % in the third quarter -- well below the 4 % to 5 % growth of recent years -- but about in line with the rest of the soft-drink industry . 
The company wants its business mix to more closely match that of AT&T -- a step it says will help prevent cross subsidization . 
Connecticut -- $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds , College Savings Plan , 1989 Series B , priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
Caesars has made a specialty of catering to high rollers from abroad , who are also being aggressively courted by the Mirage , the Las Vegas Hilton and others . 
Among other things , the government claimed that organized crime figures had routinely handpicked the union 's top officials . 
Moreover , as a member of the Mitsubishi group , which is headed by one of Japan 's largest banks , it is sure to win a favorable loan . 
EXAMINE WHAT HAS CHANGED . 
Jimmy Carter went further in a 1976 campaign promise : `` If I become president , I 'll make every piece of information this country has about UFO sightings available to the public , and the scientists . 
But some anti-smoking activists disagree , expressing anger at what they see as the company 's attempt to purchase innocence by association . 
Seita is a partner in the project , which was developed by Matra SA using Japanese technology . 
Certainly life for her has changed considerably since the days in Kiev , when she lived with her parents , her husband and her two sons in a 2 1\/2-room apartment in what she calls `` silent internal immigration , '' dreaming of escape . 
An indication of Akzo 's success in reshaping itself will come Thursday when it reports third-quarter results . 
In a related move , Pierre Lortie , chairman and chief executive , resigned . 
For Mitsubishi Estate , the Rockefeller purchase will catapult it firmly into the overseas real estate business , the one area where it has lagged notably behind Japanese competitors such as Mitsui , which had purchased the Exxon Building . 
First , it argues that its capital base must be increased in order to maintain its size relative to world financial markets , for which it feels some responsibility . 
South Gardens , as the Bartlett scheme is called , will occupy the last 3.5 acres of open space at the southwest tip of Manhattan . 
But the bank 's retail activities in Latin America are likely to be cut back . 
The broadcasting and newspaper concern , based in Chicago , said net was $ 62.7 million , or 77 cents a primary share , up from $ 51.6 million , or 69 cents a share . 
Subsequently , however , the ill effects are likely to be offset , at least in economic terms , as construction activity begins . 
His group , like others , wants minimum standards applied to all who call themselves financial planners . 
Democrats voted to override by a 3-1 margin , but Republicans were equally firm in support of the president , who has threatened to make abortion a decisive issue on at least three separate fiscal 1990 spending bills . 
Sales were nearly identical to the year-earlier $ 1.36 billion . 
And on at least one occasion , in the spring of 1985 , he helped arrange a sabotage attack on a Sandinista arsenal in Nicaragua . 
The Senate had refused late Friday to invoke cloture and limit debate , but behind the bipartisan leadership , a solid majority took shape yesterday and brushed aside amendments seeking to cut the total package or steer it away from direct aid to political parties . 
The growth of Las Vegas tourism in recent years persuades lenders that they will . 
Some of the most vivid bulletins came over The Well , a Sausalito , Calif. , board that is one of the liveliest outposts of the electronic underground . 
The company made its 1990 projection -- an unusual event for Cray -- in announcing improved net income for the third quarter . 
A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was `` pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , '' an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction . 
THE IRS may taketh what the Labor Department giveth . 
In an East Berlin suburb , meanwhile , employees at an electronics plant formed an independent trade union called Reform , a worker spokesman said . 
Gaining Big Board issues outnumbered decliners by 1,235 to 355 . 
But investors do n't seem to think so . 
As Ms. Johnson stands outside the Hammack house after winding up her chores there , the house begins to creak and sway . 
Most recently , a lack of buyers has been added to the list . 
They want late-night shuttles to the biology labs . 
Insurers recovered ground again on market-maker demand and speculative buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the European Community 's planned market unification in 
It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions , answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services . 
Still , the restaurant 's ever-changing menu of five-course dinners -- it supposedly has n't repeated a meal since opening in 1971 -- requires constant improvisation . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index surged 4.26 , or about 0.94 % , to 455.63 . 
And if Congress is going to assume authority to micromanage foreign policy , it 's going to have to take some of the responsibility too . 
UAL finished at 170 , off 8 3\/8 . 
One senior vice president at Bechtel said he got up at 3 a.m. to drive into San Francisco from the East Bay . 
A program-bashing move is clearly on . 
Warner says that what it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations , but the bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired . 
An AP-Dow Jones survey of integrated oil companies , independent refiners , and oil industry consultants indicates that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased its production to 22.2 million barrels a day in September . 
Both are expected to show continued sluggishness , which would be good for bonds and bad for stocks . 
MCI Communications , the most active issue , finished down 5\/8 to 42 1\/8 . 
Throughout 1988 and this year , I and others in Congress have pressed the U.S. to develop a plan for pushing this `` narcokleptocrat '' out of Panama . 
The cut in the dividend to 10 cents a share semiannually , from 20 cents , `` would indicate to me they do n't see the problems being fixed real quick , '' said Frank Rolfes , an analyst at Dain Bosworth Inc. in Minneapolis . 
If the answers to these questions are affirmative , then institutional investors are likely to be favorably disposed toward a specific poison pill . 
Figgie is a fire protection , electronics and industrial products concern . 
Some members of the huge crowd shouted `` Viva peace , viva . '' 
Even if B.A.T receives approval for the restructuring , the company will remain in play , say shareholders and analysts , though the situation may unfold over the next 12 months , rather than six . 
A DLJ banker , putting a best possible face on it , asserts that `` very few people said they did n't like the credit quality . 
The New York Mercantile Exchange , the world 's chief oil futures marketplace , is at a critical juncture . 
For Zel Herring , owner and a cook at the Sandhills Luncheon Cafe , a tin building in midtown , all this has made for a very good year . 
That will mark the second consecutive quarterly loss for Commodore and will raise additional questions about whether it can sustain the turnaround it had seemed to be engineering . 
He did n't bite . 
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free . 
Each of the three drives uses a mere 1.5 watts of power and one weighs just 5.5 ounces . 
The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice , a public-interest group leading the charge for radical reform , wants restrictions on landholdings , high taxation of capital gains , and drastic revamping of the value-assessment system on which property taxes are based . 
For one thing , it 's unlikely that many people would receive federal death sentences , let alone be executed . 
Christopher Cox 's Oct. 13 editorial-page article `` Toward More Crippling Lawsuits ... '' misses the point . 
Fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent . 
He adds , `` The notion they try to sell is that juries do n't make decisions rationally . 
Do n't forget , trout have very soft mouths . '' 
Appealing to a young audience , he scraps an old reference to Ozzie and Harriet and instead quotes the Grateful Dead . 
Yet if gold prices improve , silver prices could rally sharply , he says . 
Last October , during the 1988 Summer Games , NBC relentlessly pitched a new series , `` Tattingers . '' 
That 's the word . 
Ronald B. Koenig , 55 years old , was named a senior managing director of the Gruntal & Co. brokerage subsidiary of this insurance and financial-services firm . 
The talks in New York are the first since Bush and Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze unveiled proposals in September to scrap existing weapons . 
Mr. Barre 's rule is crumbling fast . 
Nobody smiled onstage , and nobody in the audience was encouraged to laugh . 
IRA BALANCES could be used to qualify for bank services under a bill entered by Reps. Chandler ( R. , Wash . ) and Andrews ( D. , Texas ) . 
Were we smart or just lucky ? 
But once the new securities are digested , they expect investors to focus on the weak economic data . 
`` Put your money in a good utility or bank stock , not a paper company , '' advises George Adler of Smith Barney . 
In the 15 companies I studied , reversal rates range on the average from 20 % to 40 % . 
In its suit against Time , Viacom says the ownership of both cable systems and cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power . 
Joann S. Lublin contributed to this article . 
As a result , last March the General Services Administration board of contract appeals directed NASA to reopen negotiations on the contract . 
Instead , they were pressured by Pakistan 's ISI , the channel for their support , into attacking Jalalabad . 
William J. Russo was named senior vice president , public affairs and advertising , for this financial and travel services concern 's American Express Bank Ltd. subsidiary . 
Dow Jones & Co. announced Wall Street Journal advertising rates for 1990 . 
Deutsche Bank has actively sought a French acquisition for at least two years . 
About 35 % of the workers covered by contracts signed in the first nine months of year get lump-sum payments ; about 15 % are covered by cost-of-living clauses . 
Income from continuing operations was up 26 % . 
-- If the price of the stock declines , the put will increase in value . 
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately . 
British customs officers said they 'd arrested eight men sneaking 111 rare snakes into Britain -- including one man who strapped a pair of boa constrictors under his armpits . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The company said it has agreed to sell the extrusion division for $ 15 million to R.D. Werner Co. , a closely held firm based in Greenville , Pa . 
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . '' 
\* Includes results of Denny 's Inc. , acquired in September 
RJR Nabisco Inc. awarded its national broadcast media-buying assignment to FCB\/Leber Katz Partners , the New York outpost of Chicago-based Foote , Cone & Belding . 
WALL STREET , SHAKE hands with George Orwell . 
GM is likely to reach the cooperative operating pact it has been seeking in about two weeks , knowledgeable individuals say . 
The company also disclosed its financial operations had increased reserves for bankrupt accounts , resulting in a $ 40 million pretax charge for the third quarter . 
Over the past decade or two , while I was thinking about fox hunting , the insurance industry has spawned an incredible number of products , variations on products , and variations on the variations . 
The Editor 
Mr. Aloe said the Odeon `` has no policy against hiring pregnant people . '' 
Mr. Smith 's managers have , at times , been called `` Ho Chi Minh 's Guerrillas . '' 
Jeffrey Miller of Miller Tabak Hirsch & Co. said that given the high degree of leverage in the options market , it is `` very easy for these guys to get wiped out . 
C.R. Bard Inc. yesterday said third-quarter net plunged 51 % to $ 9.9 million , or 18 cents a share , from $ 20 million , or 35 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The drug , which is still in the experimental phase , has n't been approved yet by the Food and Drug Admistration , and its long-term effects are unknown . 
Asked about the possibility of greater economic cooperation among Asia-Pacific nations , which will be discussed Nov. 6 and 7 at a ministerial meeting in Canberra , Mr. Lee said the goal `` is to have a free and open world trading system . '' 
Alongside such long-familiar names as Chevrolet , Ford and Dodge are nameplates that did n't exist until three years ago : Acura , Sterling , Hyundai . 
Mark Page , New York 's deputy director of finance , said that investors ' concerns about the city 's financial health are `` unwarranted given our proven ability to manage ourselves . '' 
No doubt there is something to irk everyone in this AT&T-sponsored dramatization of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein 's book about Watergate . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Among the responses the Swiss trader got was one from the Soviet national shipping company , which had n't been invited to submit a bid . 
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority . 
The business closed when the owner was murdered by robbers . 
He said the move could be the beginning of a broader relationship between the two companies , one that could open up new markets for Bethlehem . 
`` Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it reduces the wasteful use of resources , improves the appropriateness of patient care and imposes only reasonable burdens on patients and providers , '' the panel concluded . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
`` The high score reflects the attempts to make underwear more of a fashion image business for both men and women . '' 
The sporty coupe foundered in part because American buyers did n't go for the car 's unusual double-wing rear spoiler . 
Mr. Gelbart deplores the obfuscation , the circumlocution and the debasement of language he sees on all sides . 
First half ended , June 30 , 1989 : 
Chief executives and presidents had come and gone . 
UAL 's decision to remain an independent company sent share prices tumbling . 
None of the problems is necessarily fatal , and they are n't all necessarily even related . 
Censorship is n't a Marxist invention . 
For one thing , the size of the affected market is enormous -- the European stock markets account for some 22.5 % of global stock market capitalization , with an estimated value of $ 2.175 trillion , according to Morgan Stanley Capital International . 
CRA is 49%-owned by RTZ Corp. of Britain . 
Other issues said to be included in the buy program were Procter & Gamble , which rose 2 7\/8 to 133 1\/2 ; Atlantic Richfield , which gained 2 to 103 3\/4 , and Rockwell International , which jumped 2 3\/4 to 27 1\/8 . 
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi set a date next month for general elections that some analysts say could cost him and his ruling Congress ( I ) Party control of the government . 
This year is the 75th anniversary of the Federal Reserve System , and some members of Congress think it 's time to take a fresh look at the nation 's central bank . 
Because of the quake threat , `` some firms have evaluated what the cost is to shore up their buildings and compared it with the cost of building it elswehere , '' he said . 
As is , blacks constitute 12 % of the population , but fewer than 2 % of elected leaders . 
A slowing economy and the implication of lower inflation and interest rates tend to bolster bond prices . 
You only have a privilege to practice . '' 
`` There 's no feed , '' he says . 
Tokyo stocks posted a second-consecutive loss Monday , while trading in Frankfurt , West Germany , was mixed . 
Mr. Darby called it a `` disappointment '' but predicted exports will pick up again . 
Retired Adm. William J. Crowe , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Robert P. Luciano , chairman and chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp. , were elected directors of this securities firm . 
Revenue for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 was $ 86.4 million , a 95 % increase over the year-ago period . 
She 's trying to sell a $ 150 exercise bike she bought about five years ago for her roommate . 
The earlier generation of `` our crowd '' bankers -- Belmonts , Warburgs , Lehmans , Baches and Schiffs -- had stressed above all probity , tradition , continuity and reputation . 
`` Amenities '' planned for Chicago 's new Parkshore Tower apartments include an on-site investment counselor . 
Bell , based in Los Angeles , makes and distributes electronic , computer and building products . 
Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals , saying they violate federal laws separating the banking and securities businesses . 
And has he truly persuaded the Communist Party to accept economic change of a kind that will , sooner or later , lead to its demise ? 
However , relying on an ardent critic of the Reagan administration and the Contra movement for help in delaying the disarming of the Contras was risky business . 
They chance alienating the customers they hope to woo by looking like opportunistic sharks . 
He argues California regulators historically have misinterpreted their law -- and he says negotiated sales that are n't pre-registered have been legal all along . 
The lightning moves show that the stock market remains fragile and volatile -- ready to jump at the slightest rumor -- a few days after its shocking 190.58-point plunge . 
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial-services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added . 
But while the overall market improved , the new-issue junk-bond market continued to count casualties , even as junk-bond prices rose . 
In an internal memorandum to employees , Messrs. Connolly and Driscoll described the restructuring as an effort to continue rationalizing operations assembled during a series of mergers over the past five years . 
And the Treasury 's $ 17.6 billion auction of short-term bills , which generated strong buying interest , helped to lift the bond market out of the doldrums . 
He said certain volunteers developed kinds of antibodies associated with early AIDS . 
Most are expected to fall below previous-month levels . 
`` Nobody was expecting this size of a loss , '' said Paul Karos , an analyst with First Boston Corp . 
And then there is his notion of an Irish-Soviet charter airline to ferry Armenians to Los Angeles via Shannon . 
The U.S. futures exchanges compete world-wide as never before . 
For the fourth quarter , Bristol-Myers Squibb will report one set of earnings . 
Presumably , UAL is now trading closer to its value based on earnings . 
One of the first people to come to the Deaver home after his troubles erupted was former Nixon aide John Ehrlichman , whom Mr. Deaver scarcely knew . 
Mr. Arias 's long-time refusal to support the U.S. 's campaign against leftist Nicaragua earned him the ire of the Reagan White House . 
Eastern sought bankruptcy-law protection a few days after a crippling strike began March 4 . 
On most days , the desert 's heat and the cool of the ocean combine to create a mist like a damp rag . 
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 . 
The program , which will be shipped in January 1990 , runs on the Unix operating system . 
Besides , a computer processing the Japanese language needs a huge memory and much processing capability , while the screen and printer need far better definition to depict accurately the intricate symbols . 
Delivery of the first aircraft is set for early November , a second for December and two for April 1990 . 
Even after divesting itself of $ 120 million of unprofitable business , the new Pinkerton 's will have sales of about $ 610 million this year and operating profit roughly double the industry average of 2%-3 % of sales , says Lloyd Greif of Sutro & Co. in Los Angeles , which arranged the Pinkerton 's acquisition . 
It 's known for its cautiousness in part because it has had little need for bold overseas ventures : In the year ended March 31 , 57.4 % of its total revenue came from office building management . 
Armco , hampered by lower volume in its specialty steel business , said third-quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year-ago quarter . 
We did n't stampede into it , we slithered and slipped down the long slope , and now we have as its quintessential symbol a former president huckstering for a foreign poohbah . 
`` I find myself in an adversary relationship with Laurel Bank , and I am not inclined to extend myself as far as any favors are concerned , '' the judge wrote back in a letter attached to the grand jury 's report . 
Even so , few had ever dealt with an earthquake . 
She declined to elaborate and would n't disclose the fund 's recent purchases , sales or cash position . 
It added that higher revenue , strong crude oil prices and higher natural gas prices offset declines in production of oil , gas and plant liquids . 
But it said the year-earlier results included gains of $ 23.5 million from divestitures . 
The OECD said that most of the improvement occurred in the second half of last year ; since February of this year , unemployment has been steady at around 6.2 % of the labor force . 
Guaranteed by Societe Generale . 
The enormous inflation over the past 30 years was largely due to monetary policy . 
Imperial Chemical Industries of the U.K. also has one , and is building a plant in Louisiana to produce it . 
Looking back , he says he erred by stating his `` personal '' opposition to abortion instead of assuring voters that he would n't impose his views on `` policy '' as governor . 
Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions as in `` Sugar Ditch , '' but when you travel to Washington , Boston , Chicago or New York , the same problems exist . 
`` There 's a question whether brokers at the time were fully aware '' of the risks . 
Last week CBS Inc. canceled `` The People Next Door . '' 
I promise you will stay awake through this intriguing documentary about the science of sleep . 
The buy-out fell through after Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the lead banks in the transaction , failed to obtain $ 7.2 billion in financing needed for the plan . 
He acknowledges that spreads `` were too wide and volumes too light '' in the extreme conditions on Manic Monday . 
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it expects to report an extraordinary loss of about $ 122 million in the fourth quarter due to early retirement of debt . 
It would be like `` watching a black and white movie on a color TV set , '' says Malcolm G. Saull , chairman of the film and video department at the Rochester Institute of Technology . 
Yet the rowing machine has n't been touched since , even though he has moved it across the country with him twice . 
Charles S. Mitchell , a vice president with Homart Development Co. , the real estate development subsidiary of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , was named president of Figgie Properties , a real estate development unit . 
Magazine editors did not take the criticisms lying down . 
Legal strategists say that damage claims against the oil giant and others could well exceed $ 1 billion . 
Mr. Lang says he is n't scouting new acquisitions , at least for now . 
There also is concern that once Hong Kong reverts to China 's sovereignty in 1997 , Cathay will be forced to play second fiddle to China 's often-disparaged flag carrier , Civil Aviation Administration of China , or CAAC . 
Traders estimated that more than $ 140 million of high-grade bonds was put up for sale via bid-wanted lists circulated by a handful of major brokers . 
But they attribute much of the weakness to customer inventory reductions . 
'' Mr. Allen objected to this analogy because it seems to `` assimilate the status of blacks to that of animals -- as a mere project of charity , of humaneness . '' 
The longer the time period , the less risk there is of losing money in the stock market . 
At seven weeks , an embryo is about three-fourths of an inch long and recognizably human . 
Confusion over the near-term trend for rates dominated the municipal arena , as gyrations in the stock market continued to buffet bonds . 
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says . 
But British analysts are beginning to link the issues . 
But there 's a catch . 
F. Gil Troutman , 46 years old , was named chief executive officer . 
The effect of Nixon era non-duck ducks was an economy clogged up with regulations and distortions . 
But when it became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed 's credit-easing policy was on hold , bond yields jumped and prices tumbled . 
A Fed spokesman denied Mr. LaFalce 's statement . 
In France ? ? ! ! '' 
Merrill Lynch and Prudential-Bache Securities both lowered the stock 's investment rating immediately after the results were issued Friday , according to PIR . 
American Medical International N.V. : Guaranteed Euroissues to Ba3 from Baa2 . 
Yes Clothing Co. , proposed initial offering of 776,470 common shares , of which 600,000 shares will be offered by the company and 176,470 by holders , via Seidler Amdec Securities Inc . 
To push the pound even lower trying to cure the trade deficit , a policy Britain has repeatedly proved disastrous . 
We 'd do the strategy and then we 'd come around and do the budget . 
The disclosure follows last Friday 's news that Bond Corp. incurred an overall loss of A$ 980.2 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 , the largest loss in Australian corporate history . 
The environment can no longer be a normal issue , to be dealt with on a business-as-usual basis with comfortable increments of change . 
( The sale caused a rift between the widow and some of her husband 's followers . 
It also contends that Young & Rubicam never told the tourist board about its relationship with Ad Ventures , a Jamaican firm hired by the agency . 
`` People are promoting furs in various ways and taking the glamour out of the fur business , '' says Stephen Sanders , divisional merchandise manager for Marshall Field 's department store in Chicago . 
`` Parenthood , '' this summer 's successful and amusing movie about parents and children , apparently was only the beginning . 
But an early 80-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average stopped the crude rally cold . 
But unless they continued to grow , TW , based in Paramus , N.J. , would have run into trouble . 
The rebound in UAL stock during regular trading hours Monday was its first daily gain after six consecutive losses left the price 41 % below its level before Oct. 13 , the day the group announced the bank financing could n't be obtained for the original deal . 
Hardly a day passes without news photos of the police dragging limp protesters from some building or thoroughfare in one of our cities . 
Counting all state and federal benefit programs , the number of people receiving unemployment benefits in the week ended Sept. 30 fell to 1,809,300 from 1,838,200 a week earlier . 
Earlier this month , Mr. Iverson agreed to buy exclusive rights to a software system developed by Visher Systems Inc. , Salt Lake City . 
Delmed said Robert S. Ehrlich resigned as chairman , president and chief executive . 
And deposits at NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , have increased $ 2 billion since last year after heavy advertising stressing commitment to Texas . 
The drop accelerated in this year 's third quarter , underscoring an overall lack of stress in the U.S. economy , the company said . 
Bankers Trust added $ 1.6 billion to reserves for Third World loans , the latest big bank to take such a step . 
The 142 institutional-type money funds rose $ 2.23 billion to $ 85.49 billion . 
Renault officials said the potential European market for light trucks in the 2.5-ton to 4.2-ton range is between 700,000 and 800,000 vehicles annually , and Renault and DAF are aiming for a combined market share of about 11 % . 
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk . 
But they are already objecting to , among other things , a plan to give more weight to cost-benefit considerations in evaluating pesticides . 
Indeed , some of the bill 's requirements , including broad representation on the exchanges ' boards of directors and strong measures to prevent conflicts of interest , already have been put in place by the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange and other futures exchanges . 
Meanwhile , the Duke , who set the original scheme in motion , appears on the scene disguised as a friar and becomes involved in a series of intrigues that has everyone fearing the worst possible outcome until the Duke arranges a last minute reprieve for all concerned . 
Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who stabbed his mother to death and has no regrets as he awaits his end in a prison cell : `` Fate directs some men down the flower-bordered path , and others down the road bordered with thistles and prickly pears . 
Colgate sold its hospital supply and home health care business last year . 
Stocks : Volume 237,960,000 shares . 
After years of quarreling over Bonn 's `` Ostpolitik '' , West Germany and the U.S. appear to have shifted onto a united course in Eastern Europe . 
But in Mr. Sohmer 's Ozarks , he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg . 
Mr. Honecker 's ignoble fall culminates nearly two decades of iron-handed leadership during which Mr. Honecker , now 77 years old , built East Germany into the most economically advanced nation in the Soviet bloc . 
As a result , the group 's third-quarter loss widened to $ 9.8 million from the second quarter 's $ 3.6 million . 
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie . 
The board is n't aware of any attempts to take over Philip Morris , the company said . 
Foreign traders also say many of China 's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit . 
It was just those kinds of ultimatums that last week succeeded in turning up the heat in the debate . 
`` There 's a revolution ahead of us that will ultimately change the way we market and distribute steel , '' says William Dennis , vice president , manufacturing and technology , for the American Iron Ore and Steel Institute . 
And , with many of his 70,000 workers , Mr. Smith 's damn-the-torpedoes attitude has caught on . 
Like all Americans seeking chronic prosperity , I do find it necessary to plunge certain funds into conservative monetary tools , if only to assuage my father-in-law , who believes in such things . 
To help do this , Mr. Palmer developed a portable massage chair three years ago that he hopes will bring `` structured touching '' into mainstream America . 
Distribution centers are bombed , and advertisers are intimidated . 
Revenue rose 24 % to $ 18.73 billion from $ 15.09 billion . 
None of these chief executives were available for comment . 
But they need not be to do their jobs well . 
These units were handling calls both from people in the San Francisco area and from computers themselves , which are set to dial Digital automatically when trouble arises . 
An estimated $ 25.8 million is allocated to continue work in Oman . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
`` People my age thought it was n't going to be an issue . 
As Robert Coles wrote in a review of Ms. Malcolm 's book , Mr. Masson emerges `` as a grandiose egotist ... and , in the end , a self-destructive fool . 
When Claudio is arrested , he is brought on stage nude except for the manacles on his wrists and ankles . 
The single most important contribution the government could make now to help the poor is to get the specter of drugs out of their neighborhoods . 
The first time he was shot in the hand as he chased the robbers outside . 
`` They ought to be able to do this . '' 
But does it have to be so soon ? 
So do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of unqualified planners . 
No book contracts have been dangled before Deborah Gore Dean , the reigning queen of the HUD scandal . 
These research protocols offer to the patient not only the very best therapy which we have established today but also the hope of something still better . 
House-Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 jet and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion during the current fiscal year to develop a space-based anti-missile system . 
Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls from Chinese trade officials urging them not to sever ties . 
Most of the two dozen scientists taking the podium reported results with new , more sophisticated variations of the seemingly simple electrolysis-of-water experiments described last March by Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons . 
Sir John has spurned Ford 's advances since the U.S. auto giant launched a surprise bid for as much as 15 % of Jaguar last month . 
`` I think there 's a disease called buyer 's regret , and I 'm sure it 's running rampant at this moment , but it gets cured in a short period of time , '' says Kenneth Leventhal , co-managing partner of Kenneth Leventhal & Co. , a Los Angeles accounting firm specializing in real estate . 
Many of the lost tourism dollars wo n't be recovered ; many trips delayed never take place . 
Earlier last week , Valley National Corp. , the state 's largest locally owned banking company , reported a $ 72.2 million loss and suspended its dividend . 
Edward Chojnowski does . 
Plans to dissolve many of the trade barriers within Europe in 1992 creates significant opportunities for the company , he said , particularly since Western Digital already manufactures there . 
For Mr. Sherwin , a conviction could carry penalties of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each count . 
Analysts expect the company to show profit of about 225 million guilders , up 9 % from 206.3 million guilders a year earlier . 
In consenting to the injunctions , none of the individuals or companies admitted or denied the allegations . 
By comparison , the Dow Jones Industrials and the New York Stock Exchange Composite each rose 1.5 % . 
The tenor of Mr. Stevens 's remarks seemed to indicate that British Air will take a more active , high-profile role in pursuing any new bid . 
Mr. Gaubert , who was chairman and the majority stockholder of Independent American , had relinquished his control in exchange for federal regulators ' agreement to drop their inquiry into his activities at another savings and loan . 
He predicted Ford officials will meet with Jaguar executives in the next week to outline their proposed offer . 
`` We 're confident that it protects our route structure , '' he says , `` and our ability to grow and prosper . 
The plant and its 8,500 employees gradually will resume operations over the next several days , the company said . 
The baskets on the Big Board and CBOE -- which involve the actual S&P stocks , unlike the stock-index contracts currently traded on the Chicago futures markets , and index options on the CBOE -- will begin trading as critics step up their attacks on program trading and its contributions to the stock market 's wild price swings . 
AEW has $ 3.5 billion of real estate investments nationwide , according to a spokesman . 
Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt . 
A total of 672 transactions were announced during the latest quarter , up 13 % from the year-earlier period 's 597 , Grimm said . 
`` McDonald 's has also been running negative all year , '' the analyst says . 
Pricing details were n't available . 
Parents are too likely to blame schools for the educational limitations of their children . 
They do indeed want their own nation . 
125 million Australian dollars of zero-coupon Eurobonds due Dec. 12 , 1994 , priced at 50.9375 to yield 15.06 % less fees via Hambros Bank Ltd . 
Most important , hospital admission rates are stabilizing after several years of decline . 
The tribunal is scheduled to rule on the request Friday . 
The tapes included wiretaps of Gen. Torrijos 's own phone , according to American intelligence officials . 
They plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres . 
However , he said officials conducting the study had n't been looking for signs of problems related to hypoglycemia unawareness . 
Moreover , 41 companies that paid no federal income tax from 1981 through 1985 -- despite billions of dollars of profits -- ended up paying an average of 27.9 % of their income in federal taxes in 1988 . 
The contract signing represented a major step in the long-planned petrochemical project . 
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary . 
The rise followed boosts of 0.1 % in August , 0.7 % in July and 0.6 % in June . 
In this respect , it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute , rather than eloquently `` concerned . '' 
The wind , stinging with sand , never seems to stop . 
Some business leaders and others also believe that Mr. Dinkins would place significant responsibility in the hands of a deputy mayor with a strong administrative background . 
The bottom line , however , is not economic but political reform . 
`` On the comptroller side , you 're developing and making work financial controls governing a $ 6 billion budget . 
Mr. Dinkins lost twice by wide margins before finally getting elected borough president in 1985 . 
Does this team have a viable strategy for improving shareholder values , and does this strategy require implementation over an extended period ? 
First Tennessee , assisted by IBM , said it will attempt to place the employees within the company , IBM or other companies in Memphis . 
These development grants mainly enrich developers who want to put up shopping centers and parking garages . 
`` That obviously means that we wo n't have enough for all of the emergencies that are now facing us , and we will have to consider appropriate requests for follow-on funding , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
`` Nonsense , '' she told an interviewer yesterday on London Weekend Television . 
Gen. Michel Aoun rejected the pact because it fails to provide a timetable for a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon . 
Forecasting is only one part of Litigation Sciences ' work . 
On Oct. 14 of that year , the announcement of an unusually large August trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline . 
The less-self-confident Czechoslovaks and Bulgarians , in contrast , declared their intentions to reform , while doing nothing concrete about it . 
It was downhill from there , however . 
Compound annual returns , including price changes and income from interest and dividends 
Few specialists said they expect the quake to have much of an effect on most California property values . 
Mr. Schantz was vice president and chief operating officer of the Acrylic division of Polycast Technology Corp . 
However , creditors and bidders alike concede that the state plays a major role because it could significantly delay final settlement of a plan it did n't like . 
The new technologies are intended to retire the cathode-ray tube , which accounts for most of the bulk of the conventional TV set . 
The firm is getting about 50 calls a day , and the average call lasts about 15 minutes . 
Sales of electric appliances were flat , and sales of electronic equipment declined slightly . 
It has won about 15 % of the retail PC market . 
Consider the New America High Income Fund . 
Since Mr. Shevardnadze 's proposals followed discussions with Mr. Baker , speculations arose that the Bush administration was seeking an accommodation with the Soviets in Central America . 
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in . 
Here are auction details : 
Moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level . 
British sterling eased to $ 1.5775 from $ 1.5825 . 
Early in his political career , as a city councilman in San Antonio , he walked out of a meeting when political supporters asked that the police chief be replaced , denouncing the closed-door affair publicly as a `` bat-roost meeting . '' 
It has depicted the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over the Scottish town of Lockerbie . 
Moody 's said Houston Lighting 's current situation has some positive aspects , including managing `` very well '' the construction and commercial operation risks of Units 1 and 2 of the South Texas Project nuclear power plant . 
In 1987 , the Supreme Court attempted in McNally v. U.S. to halt the inexorable expansion of these statutes by adopting a rule of strict construction for ambiguous criminal statues . 
Abbie Hoffman in this case is to be played by Hollywood actor Paul Lieber , who is n't new to the character . 
The Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade set up a special bureau last month to monitor the issue of import and export licenses . 
It should be considered against the law , '' said Danny Leish , a spokesman for the association . 
The latter may seem oddly irrelevant , if not downright trivial , given the big picture and the way we have handled it in the nation 's capital has done nothing to dispel that impression . 
Some weeks when her supermarket runs a double-coupon promotion , she boasts that she shaves $ 22 off her bill . 
NEW ACCOUNT : Procter & Gamble Co. , Cincinnati , awarded the ad accounts for its line of Professional Crisco vegetable shortening and oil products to Northlich , Stolley , LaWarre , Cincinnati . 
Mr. Goodson , in his own statement , was less upbeat , saying `` unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that Ralph and I have different agendas , '' and that he feels `` more comfortable with a management team whose sole interest and responsibility is in the Goodson papers . 
In Texas after Hurricane Alicia , major grocery chains used their truck fleets to ship essential goods to Houston , no gouging , just good will . 
Mr. Ferguson said a continued softness in New York City area 's economy and increased competition , particularly in the private-line market , took a heavy toll on earnings . 
If the Senate plan prevails , the premium will be $ 33.90 , with the additional $ 4.90 going to pay for expanded hospital coverage under Part A of Medicare . 
It originates in a Bush administration decision not to antagonize the U.S. Congress and avoid , at all costs , being accused of meddling in the region . 
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter-than-air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 . 
He said Wang had reached an agreement with a `` major financial firm '' to sell for $ 150 million its domestic equipment lease portfolio and that of its Wang Credit Corp. subsidiary . 
That makes them a reasonable option for investors who will accept some risk of price fluctuation in order to make a bet that interest rates will decline over the next year or so . 
Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average . 
True , when you went to college , there was n't that much to learn . 
Dun & Bradstreet said operating earnings rose 8 % , excluding the sale of Official Airline Guides . 
In New Zealand 's tiny township of Kaitaia , which has had direct dialing for less than a year , about 30 angry phone-company customers questioned the size of their bills . 
Paris shares had a similar reaction , but most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets . 
But the Glacier Bay case , the fund 's first test , shows how easily the fund can be undermined . 
At the end of the month , the agency again will offer the bank . 
Revco received a $ 925 million takeover offer from Texas financier Robert Bass and Acadia Partners . 
The IRS recently won part of its long-running battle with the Church of Scientology over exemptions when the U.S. Supreme Court held that members ' payments to the church were n't deductible because the members received services in return . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a letter of credit covering 13 % of the deal from Credit Suisse . 
Earnings have rebounded in 1989 after a 20 % decline last year . 
Feedlots fatten young cattle for slaughter , so a decline signals a tightening supply of beef . 
Among other things , the stronger devices may be able to summon forth half-forgotten memories and induce mood changes , neurologists say . 
For instance , British Air is continuing to negotiate with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines about each acquiring a 20 % stake in Sabena World Airlines , the air transport subsidiary of the Belgian national airline . 
The result : Kidder will focus on rich individual investors and small companies , much closer to the clientele of Goldman , Sachs & Co. than a serve-the-world firm like Merrill Lynch or Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The West German national air carrier said cargo volume jumped 12 % to 638,000 metric tons from 569,000 tons a year ago . 
The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of prepayment penalties , and unamortized issue discount and costs related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of its long-term debt and some preferred stock in one of its subsidiaries . 
Siemens is West Germany 's largest electronics group . 
Alcan Aluminium was an exception , as it gained 1 3\/8 to 23 on two million shares . 
State loan guarantees are rarely a source of controversy . 
Twenty years ago , in the infancy of suburban sprawl , just a handful of dealerships were here . 
So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just in Washington but elsewhere in the country and even the world . 
Meanwhile , the pimp Pompey ( Glen Allen Pruett ) , dressed in black leather and a prominent codpiece , indulges in enough obscene gestures and pelvic thrusts to launch a space probe . 
Individual prosperity inevitably would result . 
It said net income was 17 cents a share in the third quarter , compared with 16 cents a share a year earlier . 
`` The Caterpillar people are n't too happy when they see their equipment used like that , '' shrugs Mr. George . 
It is difficult , if not impossible , for anyone who has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy . 
Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . 
It reflects values of a generation that wants more time for families and personal interests , says John H. Moxley III , who directs physician-executive searches for Korn\/Ferry International . 
The publisher argued in response that the `` fair use '' statute permits quotation `` for purposes such as criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching , ... scholarship , or research . '' 
Elections in this large , diverse and passionate nation are always hard to predict . 
That would force the buy-out firm and the target company 's management to reduce their level of ownership . 
The Canadian government , with a view to becoming more politically active in Latin America , is expected to announce tomorrow its application to join the Organization of American States , a Washington-based regional agency . 
It also adds to the mystery of the venture . 
Sale of the solution in concentrated form to Communist countries is prohibited by Japanese law and by international agreement . 
Ms. Atkins , who underwrote # 20,000 , or about $ 32,000 , of insurance coverage on that syndicate , now faces potential losses of roughly # 70,000 , or $ 111,000 . 
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner . 
The retailer said the securities are expected to be rated triple-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. and Aaa by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
THE SALES PITCH could n't sound better . 
It is a distinction that satisfies neither side in the debate . 
`` No one yet has shown the ability to manufacture these panels '' at commercial costs , says Zvi Yaniv , the president of Ovonic Imaging . 
The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the U.S. output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain on an annual basis , slowing somewhat from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , but still fairly strong . 
The computer equipment and financial services company said IATA , a trade group , will sell access to the package to its 180 airline members world-wide . 
The Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund of New York City has received complaints from homosexual couples whom the airline does n't recognize as family . 
ABC 's hurdle was even higher this year with two teams from the same area . 
Concerned for her state of mind , I dropped them -- and the market instantly began its steady climb back to health . 
For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Thompson believes the case for working together is stronger now than ever . 
The two countries aim to reach an agreement by early December on a package of accelerated tariff cuts that would take effect early next year . 
The South Korean government is signing a protocol today establishing formal diplomatic relations with Poland . 
It is expected that GE Capital Corp. , a financial-services subsidiary of General Electric Co. , will provide much of the funding for the proposed leveraged buy-out of Merksamer , based in Sacramento , Calif . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
It was the highest bid in history for a work of art . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.34 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.46 percentage points . 
Before that , he was an executive with a manufacturing concern . 
In addition to Carat , WCRS will hold onto its public relations , TV programming and other businesses . 
The letter , in fact , takes a jab at ABC for being a laggard in black programming . 
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40-year-old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car . 
But he said ice samples from Peru , Greenland and Antarctica all show substantial signs of warming . 
Ms. Bettner covers personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau . 
One senior executive at his firm spends nearly 20 % of his time on insurance , he says . 
The Labor Department reported that consumer prices rose just 0.2 % last month , slightly lower than some economists had expected . 
In perhaps his most telling remark , Mr. Greenspan termed the current U.S. inflation rate of around 4.5 % as `` much too high to be ignored . '' 
According to a spokeswoman , they also relate to changes Franklin will have to make in its accounting procedures to comply with new federal capitalization requirements for thrifts . 
Managing change , he adds , will require a lot more aid and a prominent role for the EC , especially in dealing with the question of German reunification . 
An occupant will , in most every case , be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house . 
Past Colombian government tolerance of the `` narcotraficantes '' was due to the drug lords ' history of wiping out leftists in the hinterlands . 
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe . 
The stations said they were pleased with the extended coverage yesterday , including a special five-hour edition of `` Today . '' 
Still , flat-rolled is the steel industry 's bread and butter , representing about half of the 80 million tons of steel expected to be shipped this year . 
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990-model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars . 
Everybody was rubber-necking . '' 
Prospective bond buyers noted that TW historically has prospered because it has been willing to spend aggressively on remodeling restaurants and redoing menus . 
In each case the ending of this unsustainable inflation caused a severe recession -- the two worst of the postwar period . 
Nearby , five temporary residents of the school shelter sit on stools , having their necks and backs kneaded by volunteer masseuses . 
It 's not a zero-sum game . '' 
But the new lens became the eye of a storm . 
Mr. Kriz noted that Boston Safe Deposit `` has taken some actions to better control asset-liability management and improve controls in general , and we think these will serve to improve credit quality . '' 
The company said it had been notified unofficially that Waertsilae Marine Industries , a Finnish shipyard building three cruise ships for the company , is having financial trouble and may already have filed for bankruptcy . 
On Nov. 15 , when Brazilians elect a president for the first time in 29 years , the country 's 82 million voters will have 22 candidates to choose from . 
Sapporo Lion Ltd . ( Japan ) -- 50 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1994 , with a 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) . 
Piggybacking on government assertions that General Electric Co. may have covered up fraudulent billings to the Pentagon , two shareholders have filed a civil racketeering suit against the company . 
Nevertheless , he adds , `` I would n't get totally shocked if we get lawsuits out of the Bay Bridge . '' 
For months the Johns Hopkins researchers , using gene probes , experimentally crawled down the length of chromosome 17 , looking for the smallest common bit of genetic material lost in all tumor cells . 
After a few weeks in seclusion , Mr. Mack opened a consulting firm , but not to enable him to directly lobby ; that would require him to disclose his clients by registering as a lobbyist . 
HUGO FELLED vast timberlands . 
By taking power in a deal with the Peasant Party 's onetime Communist stooges , Solidarity has spooked the rural entrepreneur . 
The conversion price for the debentures is $ 41.725 a share . 
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Reynolds closed at $ 55.375 , up $ 1.25 . 
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy . 
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 10-11 p.m. EST , on Showtime ( repeated Nov. 2 , 6 , 11 and 15 ) : `` The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . '' 
The 650-or-so local whites who are n't Orange Workers are more troubled . 
That was just an early step in a relationship with government that has earned the Mitsubishi group the dubious moniker of `` seisho , '' literally government-business , a title that has the pejorative connotation of doing the government 's bidding , but also suggests the clout inherent in maintaining such close ties . 
His interest in the natural environment dates from his youth . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , up about 60 points in mid-afternoon , finished with a gain of 39.55 points , to 2683.20 . 
Concord New Horizons Corp. , creators of a 1988 movie called Nam Angels , used the gang 's name and trademarks without authorization , the not-for-profit corporation says in a complaint filed in federal court . 
So one popular ploy is to make a prospective investor feel like an insider , joining an exclusive group that is about to make a killing . 
Meanwhile , fewer than 10 % of the healthy cells were killed . 
Currently , Boeing has a backlog of about $ 80 billion , but production has been slowed by a strike of 55,000 machinists , which entered its 22nd day today . 
Likewise , AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said the bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines . 
Fluor Corp. , a construction engineering firm , gained 75 cents to $ 33.375 . 
The problem is so vast that we need to try innovative solutions -- in small-scale experiments . 
New York-based Chase Manhattan Corp. took an $ 85 million Arizona-related charge . 
`` We feel we have the money necessary to handle the immediate , short-term requirements , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
Michael Rosen , president of Shop Television , said Penney decided to extend its involvement with the service for at least five years . 
In addition , Lionel began a lawsuit in federal District Court in New York seeking to enjoin the offer , alleging , among other things , violations of federal securities law and fraudulent manipulation of the market for Lionel 's securities . 
Skiing , after all , has mainly been for the young and daring and many baby boomers have outgrown skiing or have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport . 
Profit-taking accounted for much of the slide in OTC stock prices , according to David Mills , senior vice president of Boston Company Advisers . 
Yet some dealers have turned down Infiniti or Lexus franchises because they were unwilling or unable to meet the design requirements . 
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The application by Foothills , owned by Calgary-based Nova Corp. of Alberta and Westcoast Energy Inc. of Vancouver , Canada , is expected to kick off what could be a contentious battle for the right to transport vast quantities of gas to southern markets from still-undeveloped fields in Canada 's Mackenzie River delta . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence ( 47 cents ) from 24.68 pence ( 39 cents ) . 
Employees have n't yet been notified . 
Hewlett-Packard is a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker . 
Storage Technology Corp. had net income of $ 8.3 million , or 32 cents a share , for its fiscal-third quarter ended Sept. 29 , almost 15 times the $ 557,000 , or two cents a share , it posted for the year-ago period . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton gave small investors some welcome news by announcing that it would no longer handle index-arbitrage-related program trades for its accounts . 
The new generation of plants will possess the flourishing , high-production trait known as `` hybrid vigor , '' similar to that now seen in hybrid corn . 
The dollar and bond prices also closed higher . 
Louisiana-Pacific Corp. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as five million of its common shares for employee stock plans and other general corporate purposes . 
At least when the stakes are high , uncertainty in turn results in overinclusion , as individuals do not dare to approach an uncertain line closely . 
It is merely the most obvious . 
Business in the nation 's fourth-largest metropolitan region was nearly paralyzed ; an estimated one million members of the work force stayed at home . 
J.C. Penney Co. -- 
`` If I lose , I lose my position , my career , my pension , my home and my investments , '' says the judge . 
One of these is Jeffrey L. Beach , director of research for Underwood Neuhaus & Co. , a brokerage house in Houston , who thinks that `` we 're either in a recession or about to go into one . '' 
`` Managers have long been those who supervise their subordinates so orders would be properly acted on , '' a spokesman says . 
It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant . 
And he says Manville has the financial flexibility to buy other companies at the best possible moment when other construction-related firms are hurting and selling cheap . 
The round-trip fare to Havana is 410 Irish punts ( $ 578 ) . 
He established his reputation as a freespender in January last year at Sotheby 's auction of the Linda and Gerald Guterman collection in New York . 
The estimated $ 1.8 billion for the space station would be double last year 's level , and total appropriations for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration would grow 16 % to nearly $ 12.4 billion . 
And there will be a nurse 's station and rooms for children to meet with social workers . 
In advising the UAL board on the various bids for the airline , starting with one for $ 240 a share from Mr. Davis , the investment bank of First Boston came up with a wide range of potential values for the company , depending on appraisal methods and assumptions . 
Bush assured Roh that the U.S. would stand by its security commitments `` as long as there is a threat '' from Communist North Korea . 
Storage rose $ 1.125 a share , to close at $ 14 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Big U.S. distillers are fiercely vying for this market , which grew to $ 77 million last year from $ 33 million in 1987 , according to government figures . 
Wellcome has replied that it is moving ahead to compile the relevant data , and recently promised to develop a pediatric syrup form easier for youngsters to take . 
The government has been content with this far-reaching , subtle form of control , exercised on a case-by-case basis with no clear rules or guidelines . 
The axiom appears to be that the more valuable the asset , the harder the privatization process . 
Or to supply enough money to meet the increased demand and stabilize the exchange rate , as the Chancellor argued , and ensure the permanence of this policy by joining the EMS . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8400 marks , up from 1.8353 marks late Wednesday , and at 142.10 yen , up from 141.52 yen late Wednesday . 
`` There 's nothing like skin to skin . 
The failure to obtain financing does n't by itself constitute a breach . 
`` Seventeen is written more for mothers , not their daughters , '' said Mr. Lang . 
`` With the decline in stock prices and continued low or stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , '' Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday . 
But Mr. Runkel contends there has been no exodus of strike-force lawyers . 
Bank analysts say ministry officials have been growing increasingly concerned during the past few months about Japanese banks getting in over their heads . 
No doubt many people in the CIA , the Pentagon and the National Security Council have read it . 
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says . 
Giant Group owned 22 % of Rally 's shares before the initial public offering . 
The absence of Mr. Briggs underscored the possible inadequacy of the current NSC staff . 
For most of the past nine years , he has striven to convince anti-abortion activists of his stalwart support for their position . 
`` But advertisers would n't think of it , '' she said . 
Ordinarily the electrolysis , or breakup , of the water would consume almost all of the electrical energy . 
Drexel is owed $ 20 million by the partnership . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
A Labor Department spokesman said the unusually high number of initial claims for state unemployment benefits reflects the impact of Hurricane Hugo on southern states , particularly North Carolina and South Carolina . 
`` We consider that his bid is an acceptable bid , '' said Sandra Kolber , spokeswoman for the independent directors ' committee appointed last May to solicit and review bids for the company in the wake of a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and Cineplex 's major shareholder , MCA Inc . 
`` I played very transparently , with the tip of the bow . 
`` There will be no capital-gains bill this year , '' said Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) . 
Indeed , his caution has become legendary within the government . 
-- `` The coaches should have a more personal and sympathetic attitude toward the athletes -- not treat us like pieces of meat . 
THE CHECKOFF : Fiery ambition : 
Optical-storage devices can handle very large amounts of data and make it far easier to edit film clips or audio recordings with a computer . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 2.09 , to 454.86 . 
At the time , Genentech had only one profitable year behind it ( a modest $ 116,000 on revenue of $ 2.6 million in 1979 ) and no product of its own on the market . 
`` But I 'm going to lose $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 on it . 
Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud . 
Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning : You have the right to conceal your coup intentions , because we may rat on you . 
Hitachi charges Motorola `` has engaged in fraudulent and inequitable conduct in the procurement of certain Motorola patents '' used in Motorola 's MC68030 microprocessor chip . 
Yeast Adapted to Make Gene-Spliced Drugs 
Older people help profits by filling in `` downtime . '' 
Mr. Honecker spoke of `` generally valid objective laws of socialism '' and left no room for debate . 
`` There should be no great rush for investors to buy this . 
At the trade show , Specialized also unveiled a revolutionary three-spoked bike wheel developed jointly by Specialized and Du Pont Co . 
His entry-price condos are labeled Society Hill . 
Private companies , and ultimately their customers , will end up footing the huge bill . 
Mr. Covert had to search through law books scattered on the floor of his office yesterday , and Mr. Belli 's courtyard was strewn with bricks . 
At present , analysts project a budget gap on the order of $ 500 million to $ 600 million for the fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , although the city 's own budget analysts project a narrower deficit . 
When the computer says switch , Renaissance switches . 
McDonald 's said that systemwide sales would have been $ 115 million greater had 1988 exchange rates remained in effect . 
Sophisticated trial consulting grew , ironically , from the radical political movements of the 1960s and 1970s before finding its more lucrative calling in big commercial cases . 
At the time 71%-controlled by Oy Waertsilae , a conglomerate , the shipbuilding unit faced potential losses estimated at one billion markka and was on the brink of liquidation . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
He remains chief executive officer . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell-off knocked it down . 
Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in Japan , Australia , Taiwan and New Zealand and work with Ford business associates throughout the region . 
As stocks and stock-index futures fell , a trading limit was hit in the S&P 500 stock futures pit . 
The Dutch , who had some trading problems because of insufficient computer capacity , say new equipment to solve the problems ought to be installed within a month . 
Castle Harlan Inc. , a New York merchant bank , and Quantum Fund said they would acquire the assets for a combination of cash and the assumption of certain of Sharon 's liabilities . 
`` But do n't pay 30 times earnings for a company that 's expected to grow at 15 % a year . '' 
S.A. brewing would make a takeover offer for all of Bell Resources if it exercises the option , according to the commission . 
Since March , exports have been virtually flat . 
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard . 
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass . ) 
The unsecured creditors agreed in principle to support New Haven , Conn.-based United Illuminating 's new bid . 
Phillips Petroleum 's third-quarter earnings slid 60 % , to $ 87 million , or 36 cents a share , from $ 215 million , or 89 cents a share . 
The symptoms all point to one thing : Japan does not have a modern government . 
Coke has been studying the possibility of introducing a caffeine-free Classic for a year , a company spokesman said . 
The legislation was part of a $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health . 
This creates several problems . 
By then , DLJ hopes to be able to sell less-junky junk bonds . 
According to Gen. Sundarji , that would have forced Bofors to disclose the names of the middlemen who received kickbacks from the company . 
Together , the six government-controlled or essentially insolvent Arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $ 1.5 billion , foreclosed property of $ 1.8 billion and pastdue loans of $ 1.63 billion . 
But Mr. Lippens said a rescue also could involve Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Co. , which owns 5 % of AG . 
Since then , Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines , The World and I and Insight , which are a further drain . 
But he noted that the initial effective date of the earlier proposal had been delayed by six months . 
A company official says Michael 's break-even volume on Easy Eggs is around 60 million pounds a year -- apparently well above current shipments and a far cry from what the company once suggested was a billion-pound market waiting for such a product . 
Recently , a contractor saved her from falling three stories as she investigated what remained of an old Victorian house torched by an arsonist . 
The group 's bid for $ 40.9 million of wastewater treatment insured bonds , Series 1989 A , produced a 7.0826 % true interest cost . 
United Airlines , the largest carrier at San Francisco , was operating only 50 % of its scheduled service in and out of the area because of damage to its terminal , which in turn was causing delays for travelers headed to the Bay area . 
Bush administration officials appear increasingly concerned that Mr. Greenspan is cautious to a fault . 
Nor does it at all resemble ( despite what some executives think ) the more intimate variety offered at specialty parlors in bad parts of town . 
New York City -- 
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office . 
That was also the case in the days following the June 4 massacre in Beijing , which caused a sharp drop in Hong Kong stock prices . 
Howard Rubenstein , a New York publicist who represents Shea & Gould , said , `` Shea & Gould understands they 're leaving because they wanted a different environment -- a smaller firm they would be principals of . '' 
The company would n't elaborate , citing competitive reasons . 
Karstadt did n't give any group sales or profit figures for the first nine months . 
Matra said the sharp rise in its first-half earnings was based on a 15 % gain in consolidated revenue to 10.16 billion francs from 8.85 billion a year earlier . 
They were also as liberal or more liberal than any other age group in the 1986 through 1989 surveys . 
Mr. Thompson first came to the exchange in 1981 and has been executive vice president since March 1988 . 
A few months later , CBS 's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal ; they could go for close to $ 100 million more than CBS now pays , a 40 % to 50 % rise . 
After Mr. Sullivan waffled on abortion last year , the White House appeased right-to-lifers by surrounding him with pro-life deputies . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Dozens of small companies did , swiftly establishing a standard operating system . 
Economists have been anticipating a slump for months , but they now say it will be deeper and longer than they had thought . 
Armco 's sales representatives visit the General Motors Corp. 's Fairfax assembly plant in Kansas City , Mo. , two or three days a week . 
But he also said that exercising a test line-item veto is n't a `` top initiative '' on the president 's agenda because he faces more-pressing budget issues at the moment . 
New Zealand 's finance minister , David Caygill , lashed out at such suggestions . 
If the caller stays on the line and leaves a name and address for the sponsor , coupons and a newsletter will be mailed , and the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers . 
Aug. 26 , 1987 : 
The convoy of about 100 vehicles was the first to make deliveries to the capital in about 10 days . 
Robert I. Toussie , general partner of the investment group , said the Lionel response reflected management 's entrenched position , saying officials had failed to come up with a better alternative to his group 's offer . 
`` One thing you can bet on , '' he says , `` is that Congress will do stupid things with the Tax Code . '' 
West Germany also has increased its credit guarantees to Hungary by 500 million marks to 1.5 billion marks as the emerging democratic state rushes through its own economic reforms , including a broad privatization of state-owned industry and tax incentives for industrial investment . 
`` It is n't a real boom holiday season in our eyes , '' says Woolworth Corp. Chairman Harold E. Sells , `` but it is n't going to be a bust either . '' 
Zaita the `` cripple-maker '' rearranges the limbs of aspiring beggars -- and takes a cut of every cent they cadge . 
Three savings-and-loan institutions in Kansas and Texas were added to the Resolution Trust Corp. 's conservatorship program after federal regulators declared the thrifts insolvent and named the RTC their receiver . 
Then the two camps upped the ante : Reports that Chosen Soren had donated directly to JSP members were rapidly countered by statements that the South Korean residents ' organization had long been donating directly to LDP members . 
The Packwood plan also would include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , that would create new tax benefits for individual retirement accounts . 
Not a gripping question , unless you 're the pastry chef of this city 's Chez Panisse restaurant and you 've just lost your priceless personal dessert notebook . 
For example , although insider trading has long been criminal , it has never been statutorily defined . 
A year ago this fall , New Jersey voters under 30 favored George Bush by 56 % to 39 % over Michael Dukakis , according to a survey then by Rutgers University 's Eagleton Institute . 
Although profits were `` squeezed '' in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw-material costs , the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond . 
The index has a base of 100 set in 1980 and is n't seasonally adjusted . 
The study was done by Robert Gersony , a consultant to the U.S. State Department who has years of experience in investigating human-rights abuses on both sides of the left-right ideological divide . 
In a statement , US Facilities said Mr. Percival 's employment contract calls for him to act as a consultant to the company for two years . 
Saab said last week it `` has had and will continue to have contacts with other manufacturers . '' 
The results of the quake certainly raise questions about whether reasonable care was taken , Mr. Messina says . 
That theme has been a recurring one for Soviet military officials for much of this year . 
The Packwood plan , as expected , would allow individuals to exclude from income 5 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year . 
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday . 
Twelve of UAL 's outside directors met at a five-hour meeting yesterday in Chicago to consider an informal proposal from the buy-out group for a revised bid . 
Eastern 's Class F preferred rose 12 % , or 1 1\/4 , to 11 3\/4 ; the Class E preferred gained 7 % , or 5\/8 , to 10 1\/4 . 
A spokesman for the company said Campeau has n't seen the suit and declined to comment . 
Revenue from business-telephone operations grew 3.3 % to $ 618.9 million from $ 599.4 million a year ago . 
The Tokyo rally seemed to confirm the view , frequently expressed in Japan in the past few days , that the drop in New York was a local problem related to merger and acquisition activity in the U.S. . 
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 . 
The Canadian government auctioned 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 637.5 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 15 , 1994 . 
Yesterday , the Fed executed four-day matched sales , a technical trading operation designed to drain reserves from the banking system . 
But we still hear him moaning at night because the Navy has a few ships left , and to satisfy him the Navy 's sea lift forces were given to a new Air Force bureaucracy in Illinois , its space operations to another command in Colorado , the frogmen to a new Army bureaucracy in Fort Bragg , and the Navy 's Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf forces to an Army bureaucracy in Florida . 
I got my feet on the floor . 
He argued that program-trading by roughly 15 big institutions is pushing around the markets and scaring individual investors . 
Daiwa House gained 50 to 2,660 . 
If I could ever feel I 've contributed to it in some way , then all the hard work has been worth it . '' 
In a crush of trucks and horse carts on the trodden field , Andrzej Latowski wrestles a screeching , overweight hog into the trunk of a private butcher 's Polish Fiat . 
That meeting sent shivers through the Western alliance because Mr. Reagan was pulled into discussing the possible elimination of nuclear weapons without consulting American allies . 
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself . 
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. has offered commercial banks a golden opportunity to play a greater role in financing billion-dollar takeovers . 
Meanwhile , Toshiba 's Japanese rivals , Hitachi , Fujitsu Ltd. and NEC Corp. , are n't sitting still . 
Yesterday , Western Union 's senior secured reset notes fell 3 3\/4 points , or about $ 37.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to close at 50 1\/4 . 
The ad campaign represents an unusual spirit of cooperation among resorts and ski equipment makers ; normally , they only run ads hyping their own products and facilities . 
But Mr. Breeden , a 39-year-old securities lawyer , has skirted some of the heftier issues facing the financial markets . 
The models , which cost about $ 75,000 each , will be used in research . 
`` It is n't investing . '' 
That may be the largest patent award ever , but it is well below the $ 12 billion Polaroid seeks . 
British Airways , a member of the group that had offered $ 300 a share for UAL in a leveraged buy-out , said it had yet to receive a revised proposal and it was `` in no way committed '' to the completion of a bid . 
In addition , a handful of paintings from the Dorrance collection remain to be sold at Sotheby 's annual old masters paintings auction in January . 
The entire site is enclosed by a 6-to-8-foot-high ornamental iron fence with a small number of remote-controlled gates . 
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back-pay grievance before the arbitrator . 
On Oct. 19 , Qintex Entertainment was about to default on a $ 5.9 million payment owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of a television program . 
While Guber Peters produced a number of hits for Warner and others , their record was n't always so impressive . 
Once he was held for three months without being charged . 
`` Readers do n't want to face all those ad pages at the front of a magazine , '' he said . 
U.S. official reserve assets rose $ 6.05 billion in September , to $ 68.42 billion , the Treasury Department said . 
In early trading in Tokyo Thursday , the Nikkei index rose 145.45 points to 35587.85 . 
The CompuServe subsidiary ( which provides information to home-computer users ) is `` where the growth is , '' he said , but its format is `` still too complicated . '' 
Neither technique is perfect , but both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $ 20 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office . 
His observations were taken seriously . 
Next door she put a smaller plaid-floored glass house , where , she suggested , a flat of strawberries might be displayed in the dead of winter . 
Michael Hays , head of ProBody Fitness , notes an industry `` wash '' is in progress . 
Maxicare also will guarantee that the banks will realize at least $ 7 million on certain notes pledged to them . 
The most controversial form of program trading , stock-index arbitrage , is `` making it tough for traders to make money , '' declares Robert Antolini , head of OTC trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
But WCRS added that `` in the light of the current uncertainty in the equity markets , '' it has arranged medium-term debt financing , which would be underwritten by Samuel Montagu & Co. Ltd . 
The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that stocks and `` derivatives '' such as futures and options `` form a single market , and that derivatives make it a more liquid market . '' 
Retailers could get a boost this year from the calendar . 
I got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or upstairs . 
It should be noted that Mr. Schwartz , who operates out of Englewood , Colo. , is a puckish sort who likes to give his colleagues the needle . 
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier . 
`` Sometimes a shakeout is healthy , '' said Drexel 's Mr. Feinman . 
Reuben Mark , chairman and chief executive officer of Colgate , said earnings growth was fueled by strong sales in Latin America , the Far East and Europe . 
Canadian Pacific Ltd. said it proposed acquiring the 44 % of Soo Line Corp. it does n't already own for $ 19.50 a share , or about $ 81.9 million , after failing to find a buyer for its majority stake earlier this year . 
Ivan Boesky , Dennis Levine , Martin Siegel , Victor and Steven Posner , and now Michael Milken and perhaps Leona Helmsley . 
Chiron Corp. , an Emeryville , Calif. , biotechnology firm , is seeing if the Phillips yeast can be used to make its genetically engineered human proteins . 
Republicans would try to attach a capital-gains provision to that legislation , hoping the political popularity of its other two parts would dissuade Democrats from blocking it . 
Tokyo 's winning streak came to an end , and stocks fell in Frankfurt and across Europe as well . 
When I was just a child And confronted by my fears , The things that I thought would get me Had fangs and pointed ears . 
In theory , the value attached to a firm by the market and the cost of replacing its assets should be the same . 
An employer leaves itself open to a great deal of liability if its employee manuals do n't reflect the most recent laws , he says . 
`` Our attitude is that ( the ranking ) is like Miss America . 
So the IRS has drawn a rationale from the sale of a home site split in two and sold in different years to the same buyer ; a court let the seller in that old case treat this as the sale of one residence . 
But excluding businesses acquired or sold , revenue was flat at about $ 1.24 billion . 
Colleagues today recall with some humor how meetings would crawl into the early morning hours as Mr. Dinkins would march his staff out of board meetings and into his private office to discuss , en masse , certain controversial proposals . 
You make a forecast , and then you become its prisoner . '' 
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical-practice guidelines . 
But the press kept it alive ; as with the Recruit scandal , lists began circulating with names of people who had received money . 
G.D. Searle & Co. , a Monsanto Co. unit , is launching a program to give consumers more information about its drugs when doctors prescribe them . 
Volatility is here to stay . '' 
I compared one universal policy for $ 130,000 face amount from such an insurer , American Life Insurance Corp. of Lincoln , Neb. , with a similar offering from Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. , which operates through 11,000 commissioned salesmen . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say in their affidavits that Warner already is taking steps to freeze them out of their projects at Warner , notably the Sylvester Stallone film `` Tango and Cash . '' 
`` As I was driving home , I did not feel very good about myself . '' 
First of all , it is a friendly acquisition in which Rockefeller sought out Mitsubishi Estate and asked it to buy a majority share . 
Cosmetics companies roll out new makeup colors several times a year , and since most products can be easily copied by competitors , they 're loath to test them with consumers . 
In the meantime , the strategies will increase expenses . 
`` There 's too much capacity , '' contended Charles Bradford , an analyst with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts . 
`` They allowed this country to be credible . 
But the spokesman added that while Michael will earn less than last year 's $ 1.20 a share , it thinks Street estimates of $ 1 or so are low . ) 
Rockefeller is n't the first overseas purchase for Mitsubishi Estate -- it has already played a leading role in designing Los Angeles 's Citicorp Plaza . 
The Israeli Manufacturers ' Association filed a police complaint against an Arab pasta maker for using the four colors of the outlawed Palestinian flag on spaghetti packages . 
Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an `` original equipment maker '' basis for sale under other companies ' brand names . 
Tenders , available in minimum denominations of $ 1 million , must be received by noon EST today at Federal Reserve Banks or branches . 
Politically , this currently is wisdom -- particularly given a nervous neighboring France . 
The spun-off concern `` clearly will be one of the dominant real estate development companies with a prime portfolio , '' he said . 
Garry Kasparov went to combat Sunday with the world 's most advanced chess computer and kicked it around -- symbolically , anyway -- like an old tin can . 
In addition , Hewlett-Packard , while a much smaller player , has made a big commitment to the sorts of industry standards that facilitate those hookups and could give IBM some problems . 
Other stocks hurt by earnings-related selling included Tandy , which dropped 1 3\/8 to 44 , and Eaton , which retreated 2 1\/2 to 57 1\/2 . 
Concern about declines in other markets , especially New York , caused selling pressure . 
In this they are aided by years of American , European , Pakistani and Saudi support for the most extreme factions -- radical Islamic fanatics with leaders whose policies are anathema to the Afghan public . 
Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year . 
Until the tanker spill , Big Oil was slowly convincing authorities it could safely produce from such places . 
`` Why should I be part of that problem ? 
Mr. Achenbaum has counted among his clients some of the most visible blue-chip advertisers in the country , including Nissan , Toyota , Seagram and Backer Spielvogel clients Hyundai and J.P. Morgan . 
An estimated 10 million Americans are now using financial planners , and the pool of capital they influence is enormous . 
In his area , Mr. Lackey continues , the miscreant employers most commonly are in construction -- doing framing , drywall , masonry and similar work . 
Thin merchandise selections at the most troubled chains are also expected to hurt sales . 
In fact , without Wall Street firms trading for their own accounts , the stock-index arbitrage trading opportunities for the big funds may be all the more abundant . 
Rep. Les AuCoin was as blunt on behalf of the abortion-rights movement . 
The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions , using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking . 
Mitsubishi Estate is one of the dozens of companies in today 's Mitsubishi group . 
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him . 
We suspect Daniel Ortega knows the difference between a blunder and a strategy . 
In the Bush White House , the size of the NSC 's staff of professional officers is down to about 50 from about 70 in 1987 , administration officials say . 
`` Wall Street thinks of everything in terms of money , '' says Tom Gallagher , a senior Oppenheimer & Co. trader . 
Edward J. Tirello Jr. , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , speculated that the sudden dividend elimination presages an expensive agreement with thrift regulators over the company 's insolvent MeraBank savings and loan unit . 
The approval also ends any hope that Banque Nationale de Paris , another state-sector bank , might have had about taking Credit Lyonnais 's place in the accord . 
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said . 
Overall , Salomon reported program trading volume of 75.2 million shares . 
`` I assumed I was buying a CD as a CD , '' he says . 
Presidents Kennedy and Johnson were both big users of the impoundment power , but Congress saw its chance against a weakened President Nixon and stripped it away . 
Moreover , both sides may face political critics . 
In a statement yesterday , Mr. Azoff said he chose Warner , the largest record company , because `` their standing in the entertainment industry is second to none . 
WPP , which assumes financial control of its businesses in a hands-on way , instituted a new financial system and plans to sublet some floors in Ogilvy 's new headquarters building to outsiders . 
In the U.S. , Deloitte , Haskins & Sells was known as Haskins & Sells until 1978 , when it added the `` Deloitte '' name of its British affiliate . 
People start their own businesses for many reasons . 
In this way , while the Stick itself was blacked out , we kept up to date on events . 
But from early on , Tiger 's workers unionized , while Federal 's never have . 
Mr. Schulman said he believes that the roll-out of DEC 's new mainframe will `` occur somewhat more leisurely '' than many of his investment colleagues expect . 
Computer-guided buying then kicked in , and the industrials regained 27 points in five minutes . 
The year-earlier results have been restated to reflect an accounting change . 
Northwest Airlines settled the remaining lawsuits filed on behalf of 156 people killed in a 1987 crash , but claims against the jetliner 's maker are being pursued , a federal judge said . 
Net income at Sears 's merchandise group , which includes international and credit card operations , as well as U.S. stores , fell 25 % . 
Robert Pierce , chairman and chief executive of Foothills , said it 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first . 
`` Work hard , play hard '' is advice Best taken with some caution , For it can bring fitness and success Or a state of total exhaustion . 
TransCanada is 49.1 % owned by Montreal-based holding company BCE Inc . 
Meanwhile , Wall Street 's volatility unnerved investors in other markets . 
But these days , large firms hire as many as 30 new associates a year , and it 's impossible to personally train everyone , says Joel Henning of Hildebrandt Inc. , a consulting firm that runs training classes . 
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's discontinued operations , whose claims total $ 110 million , initially will receive $ 17.8 million in cash and $ 10 million in senior notes . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 100 9\/32 to yield 7.937 % , compared with 99 26\/32 to yield 8.007 % . 
So why does Renaissance 's computer like stocks with the Dow at 2653.28 , where it closed yesterday , when it did n't with the Dow at 2200 ? 
Ah , the glamour of professional sports . 
He believes the tax code encourages the use of debt instead of stock and may fuel leveraged buy-outs , an area the SEC does n't regulate directly but one where it wields influence both on Wall Street and in Congress . 
The average seven-day compounded yield fell to 8.55 % from 8.60 % the week earlier , Donoghue 's said . 
Developers caution that broad applications are several years away because the technology is n't fully refined . 
$ 2 billion of 51-day cash management bills . 
Analysts agreed . 
Without Moscow 's military and party behind it , East Germany runs the risk of disintegrating . 
The portfolio unit of the French bank group Credit Lyonnais told stock market regulators that it bought 43,000 shares of Cie. de Navigation Mixte , apparently to help fend off an unwelcome takeover bid for the company . 
It is payable Dec. 10 to stock of record Nov. 24 . 
One Southern California aerospace firm , for example , two months ago asked Location Management to compare the costs of reinforcing its current building against earthquakes with the cost of building a new structure elsewhere . 
National Environmental , formerly Yankee Cos. , is a sludge treatment company . 
The United Nations , which is distributing farm tools to returning refugees in Namibia , is rethinking a plan to hand out machetes because of the tense political climate during preparations for independence from South Africa . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.575 % 30 days ; 8.475 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
Until recently , the huge fast-food industry , with sales of about $ 60.1 billion last year , kept price-skirmishing to a minimum . 
The Guber-Peters side has said Warner is particularly concerned about the prospect of a huge Japanese company controlling important segments of the U.S. entertainment business . 
After the company reported red ink for the fiscal third quarter , Wang 's marketing department provided the sales force answers to questions such as `` How could you not have known you were going to lose $ 55 million ? '' and `` Is Wang still a viable company ? '' 
Sotheby 's Inc. , the world 's biggest auction house , is taking a huge Wall Street-style risk on the outcome of the sale of art from the estate of John T. Dorrance Jr. , the Campbell Soup Co. heir . 
`` In the end , I think David will be judged for being David . 
It would n't be a good idea to indict him -- much less Mr. Noriega , the prosecutor was told . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % 13 weeks ; 7.62 % 26 weeks . 
A state appellate court reinstated the 1987 convictions of Pymm Thermometer Corp. and two of its executives on charges of assault for exposing workers to toxic mercury vapors . 
Applied Solar Energy Corp. of City of Industry , Calif. , said it and its majority shareholder , American Cyanamid Co. , signed a non-binding letter of intent for the acquisition of Applied Solar by McDonnell Douglas Corp. for about $ 38 million . 
A 60-day to 65-day supply is considered normal . 
Baker was 68 years old when she died in Paris , two days after the sold-out opening of her newest show : a movie-like ending to what was a cinematic life . 
Intel said that over the past decade , it has installed computer sensors and shutoff valves , sensitive to the shake of an earthquake , in the pipes that snake through its plants . 
Brokerage houses are sweet on H&R Block , too . 
`` People hate to write , '' he says . 
`` Size does n't matter , '' Mr. Peladeau says . 
CAE is a Toronto-based maker of commercial and military aircraft simulators and training equipment . 
Meanwhile , Congress is cutting huge chunks out of the rest of the defense budget . 
An NFL spokesman also says the league will probably expand its offerings to cable TV companies like ESPN . 
At the 50%-leveraged Zenith Income Fund , portfolio manager John Bianchi recently dumped Mesa Petroleum , Wickes and Horsehead Industries , among others , to raise his cash position to a record 15 % . 
In the first nine months , net rose 1.5 % , to $ 458.8 million , or $ 4.76 a share , from $ 452 million , or $ 4.50 a share , a year earlier . 
Harley-Davidson 's complaint claims that the group , led by investor Malcolm I. Glazer , violated securities laws by failing to disclose plans to purchase 15 % of the company 's shares outstanding and that when the required Hart-Scott-Rodino filing eventually was made , it did n't disclose the group 's alleged earlier violation of the so-called prior-notice requirements of the law . 
Shares of KinderCare Inc. closed at 3 1\/2 , also up 1\/4 , on volume of 700,000 . 
As former Ambassador to Costa Rica Francis J. McNeil testified before the subcommittee , the Reagan administration knew that Gen. Noriega was involved with narcotics , but made a decision in the summer of 1986 `` to put Gen. Noriega on the shelf until Nicaragua was settled . '' 
Chambers Development Co. said its Security Bureau Inc. unit purchased two security concerns in Florida that will add $ 2.1 million of annual revenue . 
Not for 15 years has a big new hotel-casino opened here . 
The bank holding company said stock repurchased will be used to meet requirements for the company 's benefit plans . 
In the four-part offering , the $ 71 million of secured equipment certificates was priced to yield 13.75 % to 15.75 % . 
The inquiry also will cover the actions of Charles Keating Jr. , who is chairman of American Continental Corp. , Lincoln 's parent , and who contributed heavily to several U.S. senators . 
Health benefits are contentious issues in the strikes against Pittston Co. and Nynex Corp . 
Subsequent margins set by agreement between NatWest and Merrill . 
In a prepared statement , the company said it expects to realize those gains before year end . 
Mr. Peterson says the suits against him are less a measure of his work than they are a `` sign of the times '' in which people generally are more prone to sue . 
There are no agreements yet . '' 
The company 's sales flattened during 1989 's first half . 
The Coke spokesman said a caffeine-free Classic should help increase volume of the original brand . 
Shearson is about 60%-held by American Express Co . 
Italian magistrates labeled his death a suicide . 
That rose to nearly 18 % during the Depression , and has n't changed much since . 
During the term , the lender can either receive a percentage of cash flow , a percentage of the building 's appreciation or a fixed return . 
The contract was negotiated by the countries ' two prime ministers , and was supposed to be free of commissions or agents ' costs . 
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost-busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house . 
The antitrust division of the Justice Department is investigating the oddly similar tuition charges and increases among the top schools . 
Hewlett-Packard is based in Palo Alto , Calif . 
All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square , `` but we ca n't all carry it to that extreme . '' 
Quarter net for the business-machines and financial-services company rose to $ 155 million , or $ 1.41 a share , from $ 146 million , or $ 1.37 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Adolph Coors Co. said William K. Coors , chairman , assumed the additional responsibilities of president , succeeding Jeffrey H. Coors . 
Champion International said , `` We 've gotten our costs down and we 're better positioned for any cyclical downturn than we 've ever been . '' 
The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company said . 
The crowd moved in clumps , clumps magnetized around an electronic nucleus . 
`` These systems are more rugged than many people would believe , '' said Thomas Kurlak , who tracks the computer industry for Merrill Lynch Research . 
Results for the 1989 third quarter and nine months include a pretax loss of $ 33 million from the company 's business improvement and refocusing program , and a gain of $ 49 million on the sale of a subsidiary 's common stock . 
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material . 
It also would leave Eastern a bigger carrier than the scaled-down one proposed under the initial plan . 
For one thing , Pentagon officials , who asked not to be identified , worry that the U.S. will have a much tougher time persuading Europeans to keep some short-range nuclear weapons on their soil once Soviet armored forces are thinned out . 
General Mills Inc. , the food giant , launched a breakfast cereal called Benefit , containing psyllium , oat , wheat and beet bran ; the words , `` reduce cholesterol '' were prominently displayed on its package . 
b - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share for early debt retirement . 
`` It 's part of our style , too . '' 
London was weak throughout Friday 's trading , however , on what dealers attributed to generally thin interest ahead of the weekend and this week 's potentially important U.K. trade figures for September . 
Everybody 's finger is one inch closer to the button . 
The panel 's action occurs in a politically charged atmosphere surrounding recent buy-out proposals , their apparent collapse and the volatile conditions in the stock market . 
`` We think everything will go this way in a few years . '' 
Just last week , would-be thieves damaged three Sagos at Mr. Whitelock 's home in the Eagle Rock section before something frightened them off , foiled . 
Allen B. Richards Peterborough , N.H . 
The rates , which take effect Jan. 2 , include a 4 % increase for national edition advertising . 
Meanwhile , East Germany 's growing openness may even allow the state-controlled news media to display a muted sense of humor . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
The action , in the Canadian Federal Court , will be against Canada , the Netherlands , West Germany , Britain and the U.S. , the ministry spokesman said . 
In the stands , people waved ANC flags , wore ANC T-shirts , sang ANC songs and chanted ANC slogans . 
`` There 's nothing she could do to bring herself back to where she was , '' says her lawyer , James Bierbower . 
Net income rose to 83 cents a share from 72 cents a share the year-earlier period . 
Proceeds from the offering are about $ 160.4 million . 
And , Deltec said , buying has been severely reduced because savings and loans have been restricted in their junk purchases by recently passed congressional legislation . 
Quantum is Sharon 's largest unsecured creditor . 
Without a microscope and a subpoena , it 's often hard to sort out worthwhile causes from ripoffs if all you 've got to go on is the solicitation itself . 
West German officials also have the special goal of holding out hope for East Germany 's fledgling reform movement . 
Japanese local governments are expected to invest heavily in computer systems over the next few years , and many companies expect that field to provide substantial revenue . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
The controversy kicked up by the proliferation of these all-terrain bicycles is one of the most divisive storms to blow through the national conservation movement in recent memory . 
`` The bottom line is , it seems to me that the economic environment has become very , very competitve for a lot of businesses , '' he said . 
Wary investors have been running for the stock market 's equivalent of bomb shelters , buying shares of gold-mining and utility companies . 
Markets -- 
For harried public-land managers across the nation , the response is increasingly to shut the gates . 
What did he think of the Supreme Court 's decision legalizing abortion ? 
Revenue was $ 778.6 million . 
`` Convenience store merchandise has not kept pace with current trends in consumer preferences , '' he said in a speech at the company 's annual shareholders meeting . 
Congress sent President Bush an $ 18.4 billion fiscal 1990 Treasury and Postal Service bill providing $ 5.5 billion for the Internal Revenue Service and increasing the Customs Service 's air-interdiction program nearly a third . 
Colgate said net income for the quarter rose to $ 76.7 million , or $ 1.06 a share , on sales that increased 6 % to $ 1.3 billion . 
In the Grand Boulevard Plaza developed by Matanky Realty Group in Chicago 's Third Ward , opposite the Robert Taylor Homes , 29 % of the stores to date have been leased to blacks and 14 % to members of other minority groups . 
The airport 's biggest supplier of aircraft fuel is the Soviet Union . 
Despite the criticism , Philip Morris 's corporate campaign runs little risk of getting yanked off the tube . 
On the surface , the decline in September durable goods -- only 0.1 % -- did n't appear very weak . 
The Federal Reserve said its studies in recent years , which adjust for income differences and other variables , showed that blacks received fewer home mortgages from banks and thrifts than whites . 
The trust , which was created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , ultimately expects to receive $ 2.5 billion from Manville , but its cash flow from investments has so far lagged behind its payments to victims . 
But the New Jersey U.S. attorney averaged 16 . 
It 's quite likely we 're going to get repeats '' of the mid-October market shocks . 
The four-wheel-drive vehicles start at $ 15,000 ; a Family can cost over $ 25,000 . 
But agreement aparently could n't be reached because of opposition from the states of Hamburg and Bremen , which are demanding more influence over the German Airbus operations and a better guarantee against job losses in the troubled Northern German region . 
The assortment of expensive children 's toys that I have purchased wisely at a host of discount-toy brokerage firms ( Figure 4 ) has increased handsomely in total asset value far beyond any personal investment except , perhaps , for my record collection , whose worth , I think it 's safe to say , is incalculable . 
`` It 's hard to deal with clients this way in a service business , '' says Ralph `` Bud '' Conner , owner of the agency , which was robbed of 180 blank tickets and $ 850 last month . 
It 's equally ridiculous not to provide a capital investment or retirement-savings tax incentive . 
In late trading Friday , Jaguar shares bucked the downward tide in London 's stock market and rose five pence to 725 pence ( $ 11.44 ) . 
GM also had dismal results in the first 10 days of the month , while other auto makers reported mixed results . 
Like other refiners , Lyondell 's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower . 
An additional 299,000 shares are authorized for repurchase under an earlier stock buy-back program . 
By comparison , Cannes now gives $ 39,000 to the winner of its young director 's award . 
Spiegel also opposes the beeper bill , saying the noise it requires would interfere with customer orders , causing irritation and even errors . 
Aetna , which has nearly 3,000 adjusters , had deployed about 750 of them in Charlotte , Columbia , and Charleston . 
After his decisive primary victory over Mayor Edward I. Koch in September , Mr. Dinkins coasted , until recently , on a quite-comfortable lead over his Republican opponent , Rudolph Giuliani , the former crime buster who has proved a something of a bust as a candidate . 
Some of the would-be reformers , however , want to restore an arrangement we once had -- or , at least , part of it . 
The two that remain have n't yet reached the pre-trial fact-finding stage . 
The company already is gearing up for a renaissance of nuclear power even though it has n't received an order for a domestic nuclear plant in a decade . 
State and city officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise mart and hotel . 
Meanwhile , new-home sales plunged 14 % in the month . 
Coda owned 60 % of the pipeline and private entities owned the rest . 
Basketball star Michael Jordan and singer Randy Travis have also agreed to appear in ads . 
But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that . 
Interest income rose 29 % to about $ 1.35 billion from $ 1.05 billion . 
In 1986 , Mr. Roderick adroitly dodged Mr. Icahn 's first bullet after the takeover specialist had built up an 11.4 % stake . 
They are expected to have an average life of 3.16 years . 
A few years ago , the company voluntarily stopped selling `` The Big Ear , '' a powerful microphone . 
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time . 
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old . 
He added that the U.S. has cut off aid to some rebel units when it was determined that those units broke the cease-fire . 
That meant no trading would occur in the final seconds , as a way of making sure that last-second orders are n't subjected to a sudden price swing that would upset customers . 
Craig Torres and Anne Newman contributed to this article . 
`` The results were fascinating , '' he said . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
The Big Three auto makers already have slashed fourth-quarter production plans 10.4 % below year-ago levels , but that may not be enough to prevent inventories from ballooning if sales do n't improve . 
It earned $ 3.46 billion on revenue of $ 91.21 billion in the 1988 nine months . 
Democrats argued that the training wage was a way of allowing employers to pay less than the minimum wage , while new workers need far less than six months to be trained for their jobs . 
New York 's Citibank , for instance , increased the yield on small-denomination three-month CDs to 8 % from 7.9 % . 
The company expects a need for 140,000 megawatts of new generation in the U.S. over the next decade . 
It 's a process that never really ends . '' 
Profit from the calls goes to charity , but ABC Sports also uses the calls as a sales tool : After thanking callers for voting , Frank Gifford offers a football videotape for $ 19.95 , and 5 % of callers stay on the line to order it . 
Insurers may see claims resulting from the San Francisco earthquake totaling nearly $ 1 billion -- far less than the claims they face from Hurricane Hugo -- but the recent spate of catastrophes should jolt property insurance rates in coming months . 
For instance , he noted that spending on Pentagon programs is shrinking , and Boeing is either the prime contractor or a major supplier on many important military projects , including the B-2 Stealth bomber , the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft and the Air Force 's next-generation tactical fighter . 
So go out there and eat that debt . 
GAO 's findings are particularly troubling because the FHA has about $ 300 billion in obligations outstanding and had previously been considered one of the most financially secure credit programs . 
Valley National said its $ 110 million provision for credit losses and $ 11 million provision for other real estate owned is related to weakness in the Arizona real estate market . 
Though Spain has an excess of banks , analysts say the country still has one of the most profitable markets in Europe , which will aid Banco Exterior with the tough tasks it faces ahead . 
Mr. Straszheim expects he will take some heat , and he 's right . 
CBS may remain a distant No. 3 in that regard . 
`` First year I came back there was n't any work , '' he says . 
So it 's difficult to swallow the notion that Mr. Baker is willing to accept conditions that would help the Khmer Rouge set up shop again in Phnom Penh . 
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
The Japanese assault on the luxury market is rapidly overshadowing such European makes as Audi and Saab , which at least have clear brand images . 
Under a post-1987 crash reform , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange would n't permit the December S&P futures to fall further than 12 points for a half hour . 
Part of the answer lies in the nature of the industry . 
As a result , if a problem develops on a production line , it is unlikely some supervisor sitting in front of a personal computer or workstation will know about it or be able to correct it . 
To be sure , the threat has hit home down here . 
r - Revised . 
One group seeks to publish a U.S.-Soviet medical journal in conjunction with the U.S.S.R. Ministry of Health . 
When I realized it was over , I went and stood out in front of the house , waiting and praying for Merrill to come home , shivering as if it were 20 below zero until he got there . 
`` He still has n't proven his mettle as a big-league take-out artist , '' said airline analyst Kevin Murphy of Morgan Stanley & Co . 
Ordinarily in genetic engineering each of these genes , minus the one that caused the virulence , would have been transferred to another bacterium , called E. coli , which would then produce a nonvirulent version of the toxin . 
NASA estimated that , on Monday , about four computer centers were affected . 
The merger agreement says the buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its investment bankers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc. , and its law firm , Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue . 
Jay Marcus , president , said the move `` reflects the confidence of our board and management in Halsey 's long-term prospects and our desire to provide our shareholders with an attractive return on their investment . '' 
Walter Kirchberger , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc. , said that offering holders a higher , $ 70-a-share price is `` a fairly effective method of blocking '' the Stena-Tiphook bid . 
( In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks against offsetting positions in futures . ) 
The benchmark 7 % bond due October 1999 fell 0.20 point to 99.80 to yield 7.03 % , while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 fell 0.10 to 97.65 to yield 7.34 % . 
`` By filing for Chapter 11 , the Merksamer chain will only need approval from a bankruptcy judge for the sale , not the hundreds of unsecured creditors , '' said this executive . 
Newell , which declared a 2-for-1 stock split and boosted its quarterly dividend by 14 % , added 7\/8 to 49 3\/8 . 
People hold out and try to get a bargain . '' 
The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn and peanut butter has sparked public concern and consumer scrutiny of food handling and storage procedures . 
`` For Ms. , it 's time to publish for the reader , not the advertiser . '' 
In an interview , Mr. Krat said that based on criteria yet to be determined , he expects to distribute 49 % of Royal Alliance to the representatives , who sell Integrated 's insurance and mutual-fund products . 
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % . 
Three of the family members , Max and his two sons , Lenny and Joey , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher , Lenny a pimp and Joey an aspiring boxer . 
The flextime may cut by almost a third the number of PG&E employees working conventional 9-5 hours , a spokesman says . 
Bond prices rallied early yesterday morning as traders scrambled to buy Treasury issues on fears that the Northern California earthquake might lead to a stock-market debacle . 
The quake and baseball were n't related , unlike the massacre of athletes that attended the 1972 Olympics . 
The painting , attributed to Flemish artist Peter Paul Rubens , was purchased privately through Sotheby 's , not at auction . 
For employee and employer alike , the worry is widespread . 
The first real test of whether prices have hit bottom may come in the next several weeks , when the new prices become effective . 
But with world-wide opinion -- even , apparently in Moscow -- against East Germany , the country would have to turn itself into an Albania to clamp down further on refugees . 
These turns do not provide sufficient relief from sentences like , `` Most modern chelicerates have six uniramous appendages on the prosoma . '' 
And before it does , they 're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place . 
The original is a comedy about Alceste , a man who sees falseness and vanity in everyone except himself . 
But the cosmetic changes are n't expected to win over Britain . 
According to U.S. sources in Beijing , the administration hopes Mr. Deng 's fairly conciliatory comments will prod Congress to be cautious about further sanctions against Beijing . 
The suit seeks unspecified damages . 
But for individuals who buy much smaller amounts and care less about relative performance than in preserving what they have , that margin is meaningless . 
While many commentators , particularly French ones , worry that hasty and emotional reaction to the changes in the East might lead to dangerous pressures for a denuclearized Europe or the speeded-up withdrawal of American troops , Mr. Roper in London sees a more positive scenario . 
Moreover , new lubricants will be needed to protect compressors from the new formulations , which , as with CFCs , are solvents . 
`` I do n't trust people who do n't eat , '' said Ms. Volokh , though she herself stopped eating lunch a few years ago to drop 25 pounds . 
What 's more , both Eurocom and brothers Francis and Gilbert Gross , who founded Carat , will acquire 14.99 % stakes in WCRS Group , creating a powerful link between Eurocom and Carat . 
The petite , 29-year-old Ms. Johnson , dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt as she slogs through the steady afternoon rain , is a claims adjuster with Aetna Life & Casualty . 
The provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate , could further cool the takeover boom that has been the driving force behind the bull market in stocks for much of the 1980s , some tax experts and investment bankers argue . 
`` It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , '' he said . 
Mr. White also predicted a half-point cut in the U.S. discount rate in the near future . 
But Navigation Mixte is loosely held and hard to defend . 
The strong dollar , which reduces the value of overseas earnings and revenue when they are translated into dollars , is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents off IBM 's per-share earnings for the full year . 
We have literally altered the chemistry and physics of our planet 's atmosphere . 
But the new chairman vehemently opposed a provision in the bill that would give the agency the right to close the markets at times of stress . 
The main reason for this lag is that individual investors own 65 % of the OTC market 's capitalization , according to Mr. Hardiman , much more than on the Big Board . 
Despite the number of fans that office massage has won , some purists look down on it , arguing that naked , full-body rubs are the only way to go . 
A young mother found her boy , who had been out buying a hotdog . 
Securities analysts , however , remained downbeat . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 \* 
The funds should help ease a cash bind at HealthVest , which has been unable to pay its debts because Healthcare has n't made complete rent and mortgage payments since July . 
Mr. Steinhardt also could take that route . 
But quick turnover in artwork is `` like pawning your jewelry -- you end up with 50 % . 
In short , we have a movie and television industry that is either incapable or petrified of making a movie unless it carries a PG-13 or R rating . 
Consequently , Mr. Lawson saddled Mrs. Thatcher with a record trade deficit , renewed inflation and high interest rates -- three political failures in a row . 
StatesWest serves 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada . 
Estimated volume was a heavy seven million ounces . 
The adjacent tables show the Big Board and Amex issues in which a short interest position of at least 100,000 shares existed as of mid-October or in which there was a short position change of at least 50,000 shares since mid-September . 
California 's high-priced real estate puts it in an awkward position , too . 
In federal court in Manhattan , three defendants pleaded guilty to charges of fraud in connection with the sale of fake Salvador Dali lithographs . 
Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . 
House Speaker Thomas Foley won $ 510,000 for a project in his district in Washington state , and $ 1.3 million , earmarked by Sen. Daniel Inouye , amounts to a business subsidy under the title `` Hawaiian sugar mills job retention . '' 
But retail energy prices declined 0.9 % in September . 
When it did a half-hour into the session , it was priced at $ 150 a share , down more than $ 28 from Monday 's close . 
And in November 1970 Congress had passed a special act to overrule one board rule . 
China 's land and labor offer inexpensive alternatives to local industry . 
Mr. Yeutter , seeking to allay European objections to an earlier U.S. plan that called for eliminating all farm-trade barriers by the year 2000 , said the new U.S. proposal would n't `` put farmers out of business '' but would only encourage them to `` grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants . '' 
Revenue rose 11 % , to $ 8 billion from $ 7.2 billion . 
Mr. Skase also disclosed a disagreement among directors of Qintex Australia over certain fees claimed by Qintex Group Management Services Pty. , a management-services concern in which Qintex Australia executives have an interest . 
Davis Polk & Wardwell also said its international clients are keeping mergers and acquisitions partners busy . 
`` I believe that the perception that legislation in this area may be hastily approved contributed to the collapse of the UAL transaction , and the resulting disruption in the financial markets experienced this past Friday , '' Mr. Trump wrote members of Congress . 
He theorized that in the eye cancer , an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other . 
Laboratory tests showed that non-toxic versions of the poisons are capable of inducing an immunity to whooping cough , the researchers reported in this week 's issue of the journal Science . 
Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction . 
One early user , David Semmel , a Chicago venture capitalist and investor in Desktop Data , says he uses it to track takeover developments . 
The new proposal , which would transfer majority ownership of United Air 's parent to employees and leave some stock in public hands , would be valued at $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or as much as $ 5.42 billion . 
Mr. Bennett will continue as executive in charge of the North Carolina banking operation . 
Managers who retire Dec. 30 will have an additional 15 % added to their monthly pension for as long as five years or age 65 , whichever comes earlier . 
Mr. Miller said costs of incentives caused a `` moderate '' loss in the Highland Park , Mich. , company 's North American car and truck business . 
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan . 
However , the Swiss financial press in general , as well as many analysts , have had a hard time making up their minds about Mr. Rey and his un-Swiss ways . 
Only five of 496 branches statewide remain closed , while 23 of 600 automated-teller machines remained out of order . 
Expenses unrelated to interest rose 5.4 % , to $ 541 million . 
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen . 
Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract , preferring instead to profit from its price swings and then end any obligation to take delivery or make delivery as it nears expiration . 
In Big Board trading yesterday , James River shares closed at $ 28.375 , down 12.5 cents . 
Is there any empirical support for this theory ? 
That trend could increase demand for hot-dipped galvanized sheet . 
Not-Held Order : This is another timing order . 
PS New Hampshire received a sweetened bid from another suitor , United Illuminating , which valued its new proposal at $ 2.29 billion , apparently topping all others so far . 
Mr. Levine noted that Bancroft 's shares have been trading at or above Mr. Green 's offering price for the last several months . 
The economy 's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up . 
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold . 
Oregon 's rate will rise to $ 4.75 an hour , the nation 's highest , in Jan. 1 , 1991 . 
Under New York law , elected judges must retire at age 70 , but then can be appointed to two-year terms until they reach 76 . 
At least some economists , of course , would argue that inflation deserves a lot of emphasis . 
Since 1984 , in fact , revenues of the 10 largest guard companies , primarily serving such big businesses , have increased by almost 62 % . 
While franchisees were having a tough time holding sales , McDonald 's company-operated stores posted hefty gains for the nine months , with sales per company-operated unit rising $ 20,000 . 
Separately , Lone Star Technologies said the bankruptcy court granted Lone Star Steel an extension until year end on its exclusive period to present a reorganization plan . 
But LDP members and supporters of the prepaid card idea tend to speak in innuendo about the JSP 's alleged donations , implying that North Korean money would be more suspect than South Korean because North Korea is communist and South Korea is an ally . 
Also as usual , the products will appeal mostly to heavy users of IBM equipment , at least initially . 
`` It 's one of the best in the business , '' says Salomon Brothers analyst Stephen Dobi . 
`` We 've seen continued improvement in 1989 , '' she said . 
It also temporarily closed Quantum , because of the internal investigation , as well as the FDA 's ongoing inquiry . 
Societa per Azioni Finanziaria Industria Manaifatturiera ( Italy ) -- 
It has happened before . 
Rights attached to the company 's common shares were issued that are triggered if a hostile bidder acquires more than 20 % of the shares outstanding . 
Meanwhile , American Health Partners , publisher of American Health magazine , is deep in debt , and Owen Lipstein , founder and managing partner , is being forced to sell the magazine to Reader 's Digest Association Inc . 
In an interest-rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom-tailored protection against adverse interest-rate swings for a specified period . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton began its coverage of the company with favorable ratings . 
`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said . 
And in a business system where shareholders have few rights and expect only modest dividends , companies can plow their profits back into plant and equipment . 
Asia Development and Schroders declined to comment on the move . 
If you assign your income to another , you still have controlled its disposition and enjoyed the fruits of your labor , even if indirectly . 
Mr. Breeden offered strong support for two other provisions in the bill . 
As described in `` The New Crowd , '' they take on ambitious new wives , move to Greenwich , Conn. , or Bedford , N.Y. , buy OK pictures , and let their wives share the wealth with decorators . 
Analysts believe he may ultimately dispose of some of the non-advertising businesses . 
The reality of life in modern America is that if you want to wreck something that works , let it fall into the hands of Congress . 
Its developer is a Polish American , Sasha Muniak . 
Many of these programs no longer exist , or have been severely cut back . 
Mayer , Brown & Platt , Chicago , added two partners to its Houston office , Eddy J. Roger Jr. , and Jeff C. Dodd ... . 
After hours of negotiating that stretched late into Thursday night , underwriters priced the 12-year issue of resettable senior subordinated debentures at par to yield 14.75 % , higher than the 14.5 % that had been expected . 
A UAL statement after the market closed Monday indicated that the airline 's board wanted to keep the company independent , effectively crushing hopes of an immediate buy-out . 
While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers , Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to the industrial market and to value-added resellers and original-equipment manufacturers . 
But many economists were not nearly as jubilant . 
`` There are too many people participating , '' says Al Ries , of Trout & Ries , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing consulting firm . 
According to figures from the International Air Transport Association , they carried a combined 1.8 million tons of freight last year . 
But Mr. Fitzwater said , `` There will be , I think quite obviously , a very large amount of money required from all levels of government . '' 
Wall Street has all but conceded on the issue and is now lobbying for the less onerous Senate version of one of the provisions . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Volume totaled 14,580,000 shares . 
The flying telephone : `` You tangle the base cord around a chair leg , and the receiver does seem to fly off . '' 
Still , they play a crucial role in winning top ratings for most asset-backed issues -- which in turn is why the yield above Treasurys is so slim . 
`` This is an impressive show of faith in the future of the magazine industry , '' said Mr. Kummerfeld . 
Booming metals prices have fueled Trelleborg 's recent profit surge , raising mining 's share of pretax profit to 68 % this year from a big loss two years earlier . 
But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives . 
These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , 2010 and 2015 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2003 and 2004 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 . 
The city 's mayor vowed to take legal action against developers who had been excavating at the crest of the hill . 
Through a separate agreement between Peter Dauchy , president , and a group of selling shareholders , the company said , Mr. Dauchy will on Oct. 30 buy 231,405 shares from the group , boosting his stake to about 717,000 shares , or 50.7 % of the total after the buy-back . 
Mr. Corry expected the Texas Oil & Gas sale to delight Mr. Icahn by addressing his concern about boosting shareholder value . 
The offering has an expected average life of 1.7 years and a final maturity date of May 15 , 1995 . 
GM sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares but does n't own any yet , according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters . 
He suggests investors think about buying cyclical shares in the weeks ahead , as well as growth issues . 
`` The highway system is screwed up '' by the earthquake , Mr. Engelken said . 
Although that may sound like an arcane maneuver of little interest outside Washington , it would set off a political earthquake . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks , down from 1.8578 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , down from 142.43 yen late Friday . 
Power could n't be restored at the company 's San Francisco headquarters to allow trading yesterday morning . 
Although the third quarter was the best so far this year for non-residential building , weakness early in the year held the nine-month total to $ 69.6 billion , up just 1 % from a year earlier . 
Everyone is vulnerable , '' says Charles Harper , associate regional administrator for the Securities and Exchange Commission in Miami . 
It 's a world leader in semiconductors , but behind the U.S. in making the computers that use those chips . 
The pact proposes a 2 1\/2-year contract with a raise of 8 % in the first year , 7 % in the second and 4 % for the final six months . 
Maybe , maybe not . 
Moreover , by stepping outside the state 's pro-choice tradition , Mr. Courter aggravates fears that he is too conservative as well on more pressing concerns such as auto insurance rates and the environment . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
When he initially refused , he says , they stabbed him in the back and made off with $ 2,000 and 280 blank tickets . 
His term has produced no spectacular failures in politics , in the economy or on the military front , and has chalked up some successes . 
The malaise has created a nostalgic longing for the uncomplicated days of the mid-1980s , before a rash of securities-firm mergers on the eve of the industry 's deregulation in 1986 . 
Nearly seven of 10 investors think companies reinvest `` too little '' of their profits in the business . 
The bill would thwart a recent Labor Department opinion that investing individual-retirement-account funds to earn free checking violates the law . 
Revenue climbed 13 % to 45.4 billion francs from 40.1 billion . 
Officials also suspect that traffic benefited from steps by major employers to get workers to come in at odd hours , or that many workers are still staying at home . 
United Illuminating said the preferred holders total package would equal about 60 % of their claims . 
Some even study . 
In addition to supporting the landmark Roe vs. Wade Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion , Mr. Bush said he opposed the constitutional ban on abortion that Mr. Reagan was promising to promote . 
Coastal said the refinery 's expected daily production will include 34,000 barrels of jet fuel , 32,000 barrels of low-sulfur diesel fuel , 30,000 barrels of naphtha , 17,000 barrels of residual fuel oil , 8,000 barrels of asphalt and 25,000 barrels of low-sulfur catalytic cracker feedstock . 
Repression : emote control . 
Under the new terms , New World will still pay $ 540 million for Ramada 's hotel business , subject to adjustment at closing , but Ramada will now reimburse New World for $ 10 million in expenses . 
Asked to comment , a spokesman for Mr. Scott said : `` Mr. Scott has spoken to his attorney , who has advised him not to talk to anybody . '' 
There 's also resentment . 
The company said the negative factors are expected to continue into next year . 
It flopped all around , real dramatic ! 
`` Everything is going through firehoops right now , and { Chicago & North Western } is no exception , '' said Mariel Clemensen , vice president , high-yield research , at Citicorp . 
As a result , industry operated out of small , expensive , highly inefficient industrial units . 
Where truly representative governments are safeguarded by constitutional protections of human rights and an independent judiciary to construe those rights , there is no excuse for breaking the law because some individual or group disagrees with it . 
Bonnie J. Stedt was named an executive vice president of the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit of this travel and financial services firm . 
But Goya Foods Inc. believes it can milk some sales by bucking the trend . 
The balance of the company 's assets and liabilities would be transferred to a new company that would be owned by Sharon 's creditors . 
The Minneapolis-based retailer said it expects to pay for the seven million shares next Thursday . 
On the comeback , Ms. Del Signore unloaded shares she has been aiming to get rid of . 
Texas simply pumped harder . 
Stanley Aslanian , the Haas broker who agreed to carry a hidden microphone during the conversation , also has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities violations in the stock manipulation and agreed to cooperate . 
He says the contract will be considered a success if it starts trading 500 to 1,000 lots a day . 
While he adds that he has no problem with auction houses who sell works in which they have a financial interest , `` It ought not to be hidden in some small print . '' 
William Greaney , an attorney for the Chemical Manufacturers Association , said that while other appeals courts have ruled differently on whether cleanup costs are damages , the influence of the appeals court in New York `` will make insurers sit up and listen . '' 
`` We were n't as concerned until they became sell programs , '' says Mr. DaPuzzo , who now thinks it adds unnecessary volatility . 
It is time-consuming ( the abortion part alone lasts three days , and the clinical part comprises a week 's worth of visits ) , bloody ( one woman in a Swedish trial required a transfusion , although for most it resembles a menstrual period , with bleeding lasting an average of 10 days ) , and painful ( many women require analgesic shots to ease them through ) . 
Automotive sales jumped 16 % to $ 791 million , mainly because of higher sales of air bags and other passenger restraint systems , TRW said . 
To ensure the loyalty of the business sector , Mr. Gorbachev may offer concessions and powers that will allow the business community to preserve its own interests , probably by restricting competition . 
RIVER RUN : 
Those who fear a plethora of suits paralyzing our legal system need only look at the record on the Rehabilitation Act . 
The researchers said they did this , but the toxin did n't induce immunity to whooping cough . 
Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . 
Conversely , strong consumer spending in the U.S. two years ago helped propel the local economy at more than twice its current rate . 
`` We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , '' Anheuser said , adding it will take `` appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long-term market share growth strategy '' for the premium brands . 
Excluding those receipts , the government deficit would have totaled about # 2.5 billion in the first six months , compared with # 1.3 billion a year earlier , the Treasury said . 
Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , in a recent interview , said he might sell `` a marginal agency or office . '' 
VIDEO TIP : 
As a money manager and a grass-roots environmentalist , I was very disappointed to read in the premiere issue of Garbage that The Wall Street Journal uses 220,000 metric tons of newsprint each year , but that only 1.4 % of it comes from recycled paper . 
Despite the increase , the British currency slid below a perceived threshold of three marks early last week . 
Those portfolios are remarkably diversified . 
The rub , he says , is that `` the junk market is n't as deep '' as before . 
Activists fear that if the shuttle carrying Galileo into orbit should explode , or if Galileo itself crashes into the Earth during the two times it flies close to the planet , fatal levels of plutonium would be released into the atmosphere . 
A report issued late yesterday by Standard & Poor 's Corp. concluded the quake wo n't cause `` wide-scale credit deterioration '' for issuers and debt issues in the 12-county area of Northern California affected by the quake . 
Dr. Blumenfeld is n't unique . 
Clients include Miller Brewing Co. and General Motors . 
Based on the number of Mesa shares outstanding not already owned by StatesWest , the proposed takeover would have a value of about $ 15.3 million . 
During the summer , Legal Services Corp. , a Florida legal aid group , filed a petition with the Fed on behalf of residents in four Florida counties . 
Philip and Linda move into her mansion and ca n't keep their hands off each other , even in front of the Hawaiian\/Japanese houseman . 
`` Look how much air is moving around ! '' he says . 
( Some 64 % of items offered at the Guterman auction were sold , at an average price of $ 343,333 . 
The company owes $ 11 million to the Shui On Group , the project 's Hong Kong contractor , and a significant , though unspecified , amount in legal fees to Coudert Brothers , a U.S. law firm , the sources say . 
They were willing to trade important provisions in the bailout legislation to preserve Mr. Wall 's job and to avoid a reconfirmation hearing in which he would be called upon to testify about Lincoln S&L . 
The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to pay and move on , or `` whether you should ( simply ) revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony . '' 
Still , AMR 's stumble does n't bode well for the rest of the industry . 
Gen. Scowcroft is particularly well-versed in arms control , and Mr. Gates has spent years studying Soviet politics and society . 
Mr. Mark attributed the improvement to cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending together two sales organizations and more carefully focusing the company 's promotional activities . 
Canada was the second most pro-NATO country with 78 % supporting the alliance , followed by the U.S. with 75 % , Britain with 71 % , Belgium with 69 % and West Germany with 63 % . 
The previous sale was $ 436,000 on Oct. 17 ; the last time prices were that low was November 1985 , when a seat sold for $ 425,000 . 
But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles . 
On an office wall of the Senate intelligence committee hangs a quote from Chairman David Boren , `` Do n't hold your ticket 'til the show 's over . '' 
`` I 'm glad to be out , '' said the 32-year-old Mr. Hartley in a phone interview . 
John Kriz , a Moody 's vice president , said Boston Safe Deposit 's performance has been hurt this year by a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities . 
Indeed , a few economists maintain that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong 's economic rhythm . 
One building in Palo Alto may be damaged beyond repair . 
Say a big investor is interested in growth stocks . 
For one thing , buildings there tend to be newer and , thus , in step with the latest safety codes . 
The figures include $ 15 million in costs related to a blast furnace outage and $ 8 million in losses from unauthorized work outages at the company 's coal operations . 
Digital also plans to compete fiercely with IBM when the giant 's customers are computerizing new aspects of their businesses . 
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines . 
Concerns about the pace of the Vienna talks -- which are aimed at the destruction of some 100,000 weapons , as well as major reductions and realignments of troops in central Europe -- also are being registered at the Pentagon . 
ABC has four shows in the top 10 , including the top show , `` Roseanne . 
A widely held assumption all along has been that , given its robust economy , Hong Kong will be able to attract sufficient foreign money and talent to comfortably offset the outflows . 
Under Chapter 11 , a company operates under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay debts . 
`` It may take five years to break even in Japan , '' says John A. Siniscal , who runs the Asia-Pacific office for McCormack & Dodge , a U.S. software company . 
`` Two generations ago , Dad came to Las Vegas by himself for a little diversion , '' says Van Heffner , executive vice president of the Nevada Hotel and Motel Association . 
One key for salespeople is to boost their own morale . 
Keith A. Tucker was named a director of this insurance and financial services concern . 
Though the widely traded shares that are quoted in London account for only a small portion of those totals , they still are the most closely watched stocks and are often viewed as a barometer for the local markets generally . 
Previously , patent cases moved through the court system to one of the 12 circuit appeals courts . 
Although stocks have led bonds this week , some traders predict that relationship will reverse during the next few weeks . 
The House has already voted for a deep cut in funding , and in the end the program 's backers will be hard pressed to head off some reduction in spending next year . 
The reasonable first-year rates can be followed by increases of 60 % or more if a covered employee files a major claim , they complain . 
Last month , program trading accounted for 20.9 million shares a day , or a record 13.8 % of the Big Board 's average daily volume . 
Other aspects of the bill , however , are either structured in ways that create unnecessary burdens for the industry or actually are harmful to the exchanges , the industry and ultimately the general public . 
Mr. Hilger said Hoechst will invest 50 million marks ( $ 27.2 million ) in a plant to make a substitute product it has developed that it says is unchlorinated . 
`` The Kidder name is one of only six or seven that every CEO recognizes as a viable alternative '' when considering a merger deal , he says . 
A healthy embryo can be picked for implantation and defective ones discarded . 
Overall , the portfolio narrowed its quarterly loss to $ 70 million from $ 80 million a year earlier . 
In an economic slowdown , heavy debt loads reduce the flexibility of companies because cash that would normally be used to keep the company buoyant must be diverted to interest payments . 
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said there is enough money on hand to deal with immediate requirements . 
Strategy is not a separate event in an idealized sequence of discrete events ; it is a way of thinking that neutralizes threats to our interests in a manner consistent with our financial , cultural and physical limitations . 
Hugely popular , it is far more flexible than straight whole life . 
The year earlier , the company had a net loss of $ 4.3 million , or 20 cents a share , based on 21 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
`` The culture is not ready to take off its clothes , lie down and be touched for an hour for $ 45 , '' he says . 
Ms. Volokh quit her job , to remove herself from the public eye . 
Earnings from the bank 's global consumer business grew 27 % . 
While IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , makes the bulk of the DRAMs it uses , it does n't make the equipment needed to produce those chips . 
She said that impact ca n't be reasonably assessed yet . 
And the researchers themselves acknowledged they still must do much more work before they can say whether the treatment would actually cure humans . 
That price also covers Eurocom raising to 60 % its 51 % stake in Europe 's Belier Group , a joint venture ad agency network it owns with WCRS . 
Three pieces of evidence corroborate the key assumption that Democratic legislators are more willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Republican colleagues . 
We were out of the box . 
Nekoosa ranked 11th with sales of $ 3.59 billion . 
Thrifts raised capital mostly by selling mortgages and mortgage-backed securities , which were reduced by $ 7.8 billion in August from the prior month . 
Under the existing contract , Rockwell said , it has already delivered 793 of the shipsets to Boeing . 
In addition , the chairman has a wary eye aimed a year or two down the road . 
Normally , once the underlying investment is suspended from trading , the options on those investments also do n't trade . 
In the fiscal nine months ended June 30 , reports Raymond P. Keenan , assistant commissioner for collection , they examined about 13,000 employers , assessed more than $ 67 million in delinquent employment taxes , and reclassified about 56,000 workers as employees instead of self-employed contractors . 
Cattle prices have risen in recent weeks on speculation that the government 's quarterly report will signal tighter supplies of beef . 
So , many Californians believe they can get by without it . 
The future of the forest remains uncertain . 
But Norbert Braeuer , chief trader at Hessische Landesbank Girozentrale ( Helaba ) , said he expects share prices to move upward in the coming weeks . 
Under the new offer , IMA will pay $ 26.50 a share for 63 million shares , or about 86 % of the shares outstanding . 
A decision on that case is n't expected before mid-November . 
At Citicorp , the Problem Review Board may hear only 12 or so cases because of personnel 's skill in complaint-resolution . 
The charges consist of : a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover cost overruns in Ashland 's Riley Consolidated subsidiary ; a previously announced $ 38 million after-tax charge resulting from a $ 325 million settlement with National Iranian Oil Co. and a $ 15 million after-tax charge from the previously announced sale of its Ashland Technology Corp. subsidiary . 
Mr. Chan , now 64 years old , invented a fountain pen he and his family produced from plastic waste . 
Instead , he said in an interview , he is looking for ways to exploit France 's network of 39,000 tobacco agents , most of them cafes . 
First Boston is one of the few major Wall Street firms that have n't pulled back from program trading in recent days . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 , and the bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners . 
Pretax profit for the year to June 30 rose to # 142.5 million ( $ 224.5 million ) from # 114.7 million ( $ 180.7 million ) , broadly matching analysts ' expectations . 
At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . 
Running for president in early 1980 , he was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape , incest and to save the life of the mother . 
Even as the stock market has generally done well this year , IBM 's shares have slipped steadily from its 52-week high of $ 130.875 . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , which plunged more than 80 points in early trading Tuesday and then recovered nearly all of its losses by the close , fell 5.94 to 2653.28 in the latest session . 
The mask cuts to the quick . 
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said . 
Roche also said it expects a `` considerable rise '' in 1989 group profit from the 641.5 million-franc ( $ 396 million ) net in 1988 . 
RJR Nabisco Inc. and American Brands Inc. say they have no plans to follow Philip Morris 's lead . 
Analysts were predicting 1990 BellSouth earnings in the range of $ 3.90 a share , or $ 1.9 billion , but now those estimates are being scaled back . 
Democrats argue that Costa Rica deserves more assistance for the same reason that Mr. Bush is attending the celebration this weekend : to reward the country for its stability in a region wracked with turmoil and for its efforts to promote peace in Nicaragua . 
The average unemployment rate in the 15 biggest industrialized democracies was steady in August at the 6.1 % rate of the two previous months , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) said . 
Sales rose 2.8 % to $ 864.1 million , from $ 840.4 million . 
Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date . 
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened . 
Chase had purchased an option to buy the building at One New York Plaza for an undisclosed sum from the late Sol Atlas as part of its original lease in 1970 . 
Dow Jones industrials 2603.48 , up 6.76 ; transportation 1191.86 , up 1.43 ; utilities 216.74 , up 0.88 . 
The spokesman said Unocal has had `` considerable interest '' from prospective buyers . 
The day before the quake , Seagate completed three days of emergency training and drills . 
However , the group is offering to pay off bondholders in cash only -- $ 260.5 million -- and no equity . 
The New York market made its high for the day on the opening and when it dropped below the $ 1.23-a-pound level , selling picked up as previous buyers bailed out of their positions and aggressive short sellers -- anticipating further declines -- moved in . 
For that matter , perhaps he fixed to the wrong currency . 
Eight admissions representatives at two of Wilfred 's former Massachusetts schools previously pleaded guilty to charges of aiding , abetting and counseling students to submit false financial-aid applications . 
`` The price of poker has gone up , '' crows Charles M. Neinas , the College Football Association 's executive director . 
The Fed serves as a middleman for banks , taking checks from one bank and sending them to another , an operation that it handled smoothly Tuesday night after the quake . 
Indeed , the gap is so large that Mr. Allen 's critics refuse to engage the debate . 
The price can be expected to erode further , because the loss estimate came after the market closed . 
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts . 
Voyager 2 sent back spectacular photos of Neptune and its moon , Triton , this summer . 
Immunex will contract with the spinoff to provide the research , development and initial testing of the new agents . 
At least it has a little dash . 
`` I was not pleased with the slow start , and neither was NBC News , '' said Guy Hempel , general manager of NBC affiliate WAVE in Louisville , Ky . 
Neither man achieved perfection . 
As vice president\/national-government relations , Mr. Womack will work with P&G 's top management and with the company 's government-relations staff `` to represent P&G 's interests at the federal level , '' said John G. Smale , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Futures prices rose modestly , but trading volume was n't very heavy . 
the egalitarianism of modern America represents the essential achievement of the classless society envisioned by Marx . '' 
Since then , a second group of franchisees has banded together to try to wrestle control of the unit from Mr. Posner . 
`` They are n't controlling their destiny like they used to . '' 
But there were also rumors yesterday that several Japanese institutional investors were shifting their portfolios and buying long-term bonds while selling shorter-term Treasurys . 
`` The market can adjust to good news or bad news , but uncertainty drives people wild , '' said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market . 
Since then , Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions , but the creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions . 
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama-based company , Southbrook Holdings . 
`` There are virtually no new projects , and that means no new business for us , '' he says . 
Uneasiness about Wall Street was cited in several markets . 
A cutoff of U.S. military aid would merely abandon them to die in vain . 
The bugs will cause problems in `` specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications '' such as word-processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter . 
Some apply it to gouty joints . 
Paper work on how it was spent is incomplete . 
Blunt Ellis & Loewi estimates direct mail catalog sales rose to $ 12 billion last year . 
Typically , these measures include reforms to downsize the role of government and parastatals in the economy , to open up inward-looking economies to international competition and to promote the development of a vigorous private sector . 
There is also worry that the Pepper Commission studying long-term health care will again push lawmakers toward employerpaid solutions . 
Clearly , the judge has had his share of accomplishments . 
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer . 
The year-ago per-share earnings are adjusted to reflect a 2-for-1 stock split last May . 
Vitro S.A. of Monterrey , Mexico , said its THR Corp. subsidiary has entered into definitive loan agreements in connection with Vitro 's $ 21.25-a-share tender offer for Anchor Glass Container Corp . 
It was quoted at 2.9428 marks in late New York trading Wednesday . 
Dealers , however , said forecasts are broadly divergent with estimates ranging between # 1 billion and # 2 billion . 
The electronics industry is closely following the Dellums bill . 
Fortunately , there are signs that increasing numbers of scientists understand the necessity of speaking out . 
Birmingham , Ala. : 
Continued investment in my 1984 subcompact has been part of my strategy ( Figure 5 ) , with present annual contributions now equaling more than 60 % of the car 's original value . 
It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses . 
Of 14 activities , the Journal survey found that 12 -- including bicycling , skiing and swimming -- are being done by fewer Americans today than eight years ago . 
Reuben Mark , chairman of Colgate-Palmolive Co. , said he is `` comfortable '' with analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share . 
Though it is still doing stock-index arbitrage trades for customers , Morgan Stanley 's trading halt for its own account is likely to shake up firms such as Kidder , Peabody & Co. that still do such trades for their own account . 
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s . 
Mr. Sorrell , traveling in the Far East , could n't be reached . 
Mr. Katz notes that some economists have been predicting a recession for at least two years . 
Miss Brady is deputy director of the Russian Research Foundation in London . 
At the end of the trip , any unspent foreign exchange will have to be converted back into dollars , with another commission due . 
On the periphery , rescue workers seem , from the air , to move in slow motion . 
The Dorrance family will still receive a substantial portion of the auction proceeds above $ 100 million , people familiar with the transaction said . 
Imperial is in the midst of reducing its junk-bond holdings and getting out of the investment banking business in order to return to traditional thrift activities . 
Here is an example . 
Rated single-B-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
Eastern 's creditors committee , along with the company , has consistently opposed the pilots ' claim , which if paid would have to come out of money both hope to use to pay off other bankruptcy claims . 
Mr. Bince , the trust 's associate executive trustee , declares the bidding a failure . 
Skipping personal pleasantries , Mr. Lee picked up exactly where he left off several months earlier -- before the government crackdown in China -- when he had warned that the orthodox leadership in Beijing feared a plurality of views . 
He said that his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign . 
`` It 's like fighting your way out of a fog . 
Florio Fiorini , managing director of Geneva-based Sasea , said the investors would pay only a symbolic one lira for the station , `` but we have agreed to raise the capital that will enable the company to continue operating . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 
Security consultant Dennis Dalton of Ventura , Calif. , thinks mergers often trigger longer lunch hours and increased absenteeism , conduct which can sap the bottom line more than thefts . 
Baker had bitter experience of bigotry from her St. Louis childhood and her days in New York theater , where she was judged too dark for an all-black chorus line ( performing of course for all-white audiences ) . 
Seabrook officials said the plant could receive a full-power license by the end of the year . 
Among previously disclosed possible bidders is Bloomingdale 's Chairman Marvin Traub , who has aligned himself with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Blackstone Group . 
It 's reassuring , and it usually works . '' 
In the belief that development of advanced military technology will remain a top Defense Department priority , ERC last year acquired W.J. Schafer Associates , a technical and scientific analysis company with contracts under the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
So far , Mr. Dassault has resisted pressure to change . 
Mark Schoeppner , portfolio manager at Pittsburgh-based Quaker Capital Management , says that in reaction to nervousness about debt-laden buy-out transactions , analysts and investors now appear to be `` valuing stock based on future earnings as opposed to the amount of debt the company can support . '' 
The FTC ruled that the companies violated federal antitrust law by fixing rates in the following states : New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Wisconsin , Arizona and Montana . 
Manville ( NYSE ; Symbol : MVL ) 
Universities , however , say Next 's prices must go even lower before large numbers of students purchase the machine . 
In August , the company warned investors that the acquisition was being delayed , and many customers were holding off on purchase decisions until the takeover was completed . 
According to Institutional Brokers Estimate System , Wall Street market strategists see only a 2.4 % jump in company profits in 1990 -- unlike in 1987 , when profits a year out looked good ( they did soar 36 % in 1988 ) . 
While the Tigreans are communists , like the Eritreans they are among the most anti-Soviet guerrillas in the world , having suffered more than a decade of aerial bombardment by the Soviet-supplied Mengistu air force . 
Fuel costs were up 10 % in the third quarter . 
Mr. Meador had been executive vice president of Balcor . 
In 1972 , the Justice Department required that the electoral map in the borough of Brooklyn be redrawn to concentrate black and Hispanic votes , despite protests that the new electoral boundaries would split a neighborhood of Hasidic Jews into two different districts . 
These items were partly offset , MCA said , by an unspecified gain on the sale of its Miller International unit , a maker and distributor of budget-priced audio cassettes . 
First Boston 's estimates had been higher before management supplied a 1989 projection . 
Digital Equipment has set up disaster-recovery response centers in Dallas , Atlanta and Colorado Springs , Colo . 
James B. Lee , head of syndications and private placements at Chemical Banking Corp. , said he believes banks can still make a credible offer of one-stop shopping for takeover finance . 
Furthermore , it is also likely to encourage those on Capitol Hill asking for cuts in the assistance to El Salvador if President Cristiani does not bend to demands of the Marxist guerrillas . 
Aluminum shipments of 329,600 metric tons were nearly equal to the year-earlier period , the company said . 
`` My gut feeling is that the Marina properties will be affected , '' said Grace Perkins , senior vice president at Grubb & Ellis Residential Brokerage Inc . 
Soviet firms that hold some are unwilling to part with it , and joint ventures are n't yet allowed to participate . 
Yesterday 's 88-point recovery from Friday 's megadrop in the Dow Jones industrials had many brokerage houses proclaiming that stocks are a good bargain again . 
Many loans are being renegotiated , especially those tied to the hotel sector , which has been hit hard by a post-June 4 tourism slump . 
Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam , Paris and Zurich . 
Senator Sasser of Tennessee is chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on military construction ; Mr. Bush 's $ 87 million request for Tennessee increased to $ 109 million . 
He succeeds Paul P. Aniskovich Jr. , who resigned to pursue other business interests , the company said . 
Among possible buyers , Grand Metropolitan PLC might find Beefeater a useful addition to its portfolio . 
The underlying stopgap bill is the second required by Congress this fall and , since the current fiscal year began Oct. 1 , only the Energy and Interior departments are operating on permanent appropriations enacted into law . 
The conference was entitled `` Economic Mechanisms for Environmental Protection , '' a significant departure from East Bloc usage , which recognizes only one economic mechanism -- central planning -- to direct industrial behavior . 
A combination of factors -- a weariness among some conservatives , a decline in the perception of a Soviet threat and a preoccupation with other issues -- seem to explain the strange tranquility . 
Consider , for instance , the very fat fowl known as federalized child care . 
Recently , Litigation Sciences helped Pennzoil Co. win a $ 10.5 billion jury verdict against Texaco Inc . 
In the diversifed businesses segment , which includes herbicides , profit grew to $ 64 million from $ 27 million . 
`` And you did n't want me to buy earthquake insurance , '' says Mrs. Hammack , reaching across the table and gently tapping his hand . 
Moreover , they note , those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by selling their homes , using up life savings or drawing heavily on children and other relatives . 
Mr. Roman , by contrast , seems rarely to cut loose at all , although he did appear at Ogilvy 's Halloween party Friday decked out in duck feet and a duck hat , costumed as a `` lame duck . '' 
`` I think inflation is going to pick up through the fall , '' said Joel Popkin , a specialist on inflation who runs an economic consulting firm here . 
`` Homeroom , '' a show about a black ad executive who gives up the boardroom for a fourth-grade classroom , is flunking the ratings test . 
After hitting two-year highs this summer , net sales of stock funds slowed in September , according to the Investment Company Institute , a trade group . 
Turkey in any event is long past it . 
Jeffrey T. Schmidlin 
Gonzalez , who pledged to help monitor voting in Nicaragua , was said to be carrying proposals for free elections in Panama . 
This is Bobby Thomson . '' 
This is New York City . 
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 . 
But the ice-core samples are n't definitive proof that the so-called greenhouse effect will lead to further substantial global heating , Mr. Thompson acknowledged . 
No personal computer , not even the one on a chief executive 's desk , is safe , this speaker noted . 
`` We 'll be playing a lot of defense , especially in the Midwest and Northeast , '' says Jim Buente of the NFIB . 
PWA , which recently merged Wardair 's operations with those of PWA-owned Canadian Airlines International Ltd. , Canada 's second-biggest airline , said the proposed sale is part of a revised five-year plan aimed at streamlining its fleet and shedding debt . 
They led the Major Leagues in regular-season wins with 99 and flattened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals . 
If both copies of a certain gene were knocked out , benign polyps would develop . 
The agreement was announced by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Friday , as President Bush and other leaders from the Western Hemisphere gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy . 
He believes there 's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create a strong brand image and more consumer loyalty . 
I do n't like the sound of that . 
They say insurance companies use policies aimed at excluding bad risks because their competitors do . 
The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 . 
Hibernia Corp. , a New Orleans bank holding company , will join the Big Board Thursday under HIB . 
By 1988 , when only 10 genetic probe-based tests of diagnostic infectious diseases of humans had been approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration , eight of them had been developed and sold by Gen-Probe . 
Hanson , with 15 million shares traded , closed 2.5 lower at 212.5 . 
`` But it would just mean a great first and second quarter next year . '' 
Garish neon pachinko marquees blaze from the main streets and narrow alleys of cities and towns across the country . 
These security costs are kept off-budget because the centers ' site acquisition , construction , and financing costs were reduced by such programs as Urban Development Action Grants , Economic Development Administration Grants , Community Development Block Grants , tax-free Industrial Development Bonds , Enterprise Zone tax write-offs , city infrastructure grants , and tax increment financing . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The problem here is not in the concept but in its lack of discrimination . 
His commanding officer at the Chiriqui Province garrison , Major Omar Torrijos , gave him an intriguing assignment : Mr. Noriega would organize the province 's first intelligence service . 
Not only does this come close to a violation of law , it violates the trust we have all worked to develop . '' 
The New Zealand bond issue simply has brought the two institutions face-to-face . 
Thus far there is no indication that they have been re-supplied with Stingers or other anti-aircraft weapons . 
But this is not where the rewards of junk financing were found . 
In part , the trust cited the need to retain cash for possible acquisitions . 
In another , she requisitioned topiary MX missile cones -- costing $ 10,000 each -- in heights up to 20 feet . 
The bank 's medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries total $ 293 million , of which $ 146 million are n't accruing interest , the bank said . 
-- Robert Gordon . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Santa Fe Pacific Corp. is preparing a plan to sell a 20 % stake in its large real estate unit to a California public employee pension fund for $ 400 million , after which it would spin off the realty operation to shareholders . 
According to lawyers familiar with the settlement talks , the verbal agreement to end a lawsuit filed more than two years ago was reached last week and will soon be submitted to a federal judge in Camden , N.J . 
PPG Industries Inc. , hurt by softness in the U.S. automotive and construction industries , said third-quarter net income fell 5.5 % to $ 106.7 million , or 97 cents a share , from $ 112.9 million , or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago . 
And KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out , Nashville , Tenn. , entrepreneur George Gillett , also is said to be very unhappy . 
A Lebanese Christian alliance accepted an Arab-sponsored proposal aimed at ending Lebanon 's 14-year-old civil war . 
The timing was perfect . 
Mr. Bush decided he wanted the meeting after talking in Europe in July with the leaders of Poland and Hungary , who urged him to support Mr. Gorbachev 's efforts to transform the Soviet system and to urge him to loosen his grip on Eastern Europe , a senior aide said . 
`` It 's contrary to common sense , '' she added . 
Analysts said they were impressed by the performance of the company 's newspaper group , which consists of the Times , 35 regional newspapers and a one-third interest in the International Herald Tribune ; group operating profit for the quarter increased slightly to $ 34.9 million from $ 34.5 million on flat revenue . 
While a buildup of these stocks adds to GNP , it can hurt the economy because a pileup of unsold goods can lead to production cuts and layoffs . 
Buell recently said it would incur an aftertax charge of about $ 3.6 million in its fourth quarter ending Tuesday , in connection with the sale and discontinuance of several lines at a plant . 
Dollar : 141.70 yen , up 0.25 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0015 . 
Led by Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , restaurant earnings increased about 25 % in the third quarter on a 22 % sales increase . 
GE , which vehemently denies the government 's allegations , denounced Mr. Greenfield 's suit . 
Moreover , both men have hewn to a similar hard-line philosophy . 
The bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 6.90 % in 2006 to 2009 . 
After the vote , Connecticut Rep. Nancy Johnson rounded up nearly as many signatures on a letter to Mr. Bush urging him not to veto . 
Sales rose 6 % to $ 2.77 billion from $ 2.61 billion . 
Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole ( R. , Kan . ) said yesterday on `` Meet the Press '' : `` I would hope after his { Mr. Ortega 's } act yesterday or the day before , we 'd have unanimous support for quick action on remaining humanitarian aid . '' 
The legendary GM chairman declared that his company would make `` a car for every purse and purpose . '' 
Mary Anne Sudol , an analyst at Fitch Investors in New York , said automotive suppliers were reporting lower profit almost `` across the board . '' 
The treasury can do something on its own , but to have any hope of success it needs help from the Fed . 
The Amex Market Value Index recorded its sharpest gain of the year by climbing 4.74 to 382.81 . 
The trust is n't commenting on when it might need to liquefy its Manville stock . 
GM 's common closed at $ 44.375 a share , down 50 cents , Ford fell 37.5 cents to end at $ 47.50 , and Chrysler eased 37.5 cents to $ 22.25 , all in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
In an impromptu news conference on the Capitol steps , he denounced the senators ' action . 
Storehouse gained 2 to 
Final approval was on a 67-31 roll call in the Senate , which sets the stage for a veto confrontation with Mr. Bush over the issue of publicly financed abortions for poor women . 
Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to transfer its 30 % shareholding in Societe Commerciale to a new company which will be jointly owned with Lonrho . 
MGM Grand Inc. has agreed to pay $ 93 million and nearly 1.8 million common shares to buy 117 acres of land along the Las Vegas , Nev. , Strip as a site for its planned movie-studio and theme-park resort . 
`` The ultimate form of charity is when you do n't tell anyone . '' 
Contractors such as Parker Drilling Co. are raising cash again through stock offerings , and for the first time in years , two oil-service companies recently went public . 
Having attained positions of real influence or wealth , these men constitute the Old Guard of New York City black politics ; they are less confrontational than the younger , more activist black political community that has been based largely in Brooklyn . 
According to the Direct Marketing Association , total direct mail -- to both businesses and consumers -- jumped 50 % to 65.4 billion pieces in 1988 from five years earlier . 
Eventually , the money funds ' success forced relaxation of curbs on bank interest rates to allow banks to offer competing yields . 
Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . 
According to the Commerce Department report , spending on durable goods -- items expected to last at least three years , including cars -- declined by $ 6.2 billion . 
But Daewoo is expanding too . 
The Treasury sold $ 7.81 billion of three-month bills with an average discount rate of 7.52 % , the highest since the average of 7.63 % at the auction on Oct. 10 . 
Some supporters were stunned this summer when Mr. Dinkins suggested weakening the law forbidding public employees to go on strike . 
Consumer prices rose a surprisingly moderate 0.2 % in September , pushed up mostly by a jump in clothing costs , the Labor Department reported . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , BankAmerica common stock edged up 12.5 cents to close at $ 32 a share . 
At one point , he asked a worker whether he thought East Germans were fleeing the country because of restrictive travel policies . 
`` Recent data have indicated somewhat weaker economic activity , '' said Elliott Platt , director of economic research at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities . 
The conversion price is $ 9.58 a share . 
Entertainment and media stocks generally escaped the market 's slide as well . 
The previous five reports were mainly statistical , but clear enough in outline . 
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock-fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say . 
As it turns out , the board has a lot of important members , including Winton Blount ( former postmaster general of the U.S. ) , Mrs. Henry Gaisman ( widow of the inventor of auto-strop razor ) and Vincent Murphy ( an investment banker at Merrill Lynch & Co . ) 
When Thomas W. Wathen went big league last year , he acquired a treasure-trove of Americana along with a well-known but ailing security business : Pinkerton 's Inc . 
Mr. Palmero recommends Temple-Inland , explaining that it is `` virtually the sole major paper company not undergoing a major capacity expansion , '' and thus should be able to lower long-term debt substantially next year . 
TRC Cos. , the target of an investigation by the U.S. inspector general , dropped 2 to 10 3\/4 . 
A.P. Green Industries advanced 1 5\/8 to 36 1\/8 . 
Though growers ca n't always keep the worm from the apple , they can protect themselves against the price vagaries of any one variety by diversifying -- into the recently imported Gala , a sweet New Zealand native ; the Esopus Spitzenburg , reportedly Thomas Jefferson 's favorite apple ; disease-resistant kinds like the Liberty . 
The company is negotiating with the Soviets to build a Thermo King truck-refrigeration plant that would produce about 10,000 units annually . 
Sotheby 's vice president Diana Levitt says the auction house has been `` assisting '' Mr. Paul in selling the paintings . 
In addition , he says , `` longer maturities on automobile and other forms of installment credit boost the stock of debt faster than the flow of repayments and the accompanying payment burden . '' 
China General Plastics , another Taiwanese petrochemical manufacturer , was to have a 40 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical . 
Glenn and Sharon Beebe of Cincinnati had sued the com - pany in 1981 after installing Burlington carpets in their office . 
These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales . 
Strong investor demand prompted it to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion . 
The government built ports , bridges , highways , schools , hospitals and railways . 
`` More rooms are n't the answer for us , '' says Caesars World chairman Henry Gluck . 
Though the agency could remove Mr. Paul , it has no current intention to do that . 
The Charter Revision Commission has made it clear that in response to the expectations of the Justice Department and the commission 's own commitment to enhancing minority political leadership , the new district lines will be drawn to maximize the number of solidly minority districts . 
His efforts earned a gold medal at a national exhibition -- and attracted renewed attention from local authorities . 
His mail regularly recalls `` my one event , '' and has been growing in recent years . 
On the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents to $ 11.125 . 
Mr. Maynard initially won approval for his machine to be used at egg-processing facilities regulated by the USDA 's Food Safety Inspection Service . 
First Interstate made the move under pressure from regulators . 
While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million Cadbury-Schweppes Canada Dry and Sunkist accounts , the $ 18 million Procter & Gamble Co . Sure deodorant account and the $ 10 million Polo\/Ralph Lauren business . 
But that was off less than at midyear , when completions lagged by 27.1 % . 
In fact , Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which ended the day off 50 cents to $ 36.50 , said earthquake damage would slightly hurt fourth-quarter profit . 
Excluding transportation items , orders rose 1.8 % . 
Averae daily trading volume : Ordinary shares outstanding : 182.9 million 
The word `` death '' can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about `` savings '' and `` investment '' instead . 
And by substituting yet another landscape architect , Nicholas Quennell , he insists he can achieve that and other accommodations to gardening reality while still preserving the `` artistic vision '' of a `` truly great artist . '' 
Mr. Gargan , the Tampa planner who heads one trade group , favors simply assessing the industry and giving the money to the SEC to hire more staff . 
Nixdorf , Bull and others will also sell versions of the machine , said Mips President Robert Miller . 
To maintain exclusivity of that designer line , it is n't labeled with the Maidenform name . 
`` If the earnings acceleration is to take place , that should be the quarter . 
For the nine months , American Express said net rose 11 % to $ 899.8 million , or $ 2.09 a share , from $ 807.5 million , or $ 1.89 a share . 
Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer and an old buddy from Yale , and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez . 
The group said it sold 455,410 Southmark common shares from Sept. 5 to Oct. 5 for 18.75 cents to 25 cents a share . 
After NBC weather man Willard Scott broadcast the hot-line number , it was flooded with 10,000 calls . 
The humor of the story owes much to the fact that no hearts ( even the characters ' own ) are likely to bleed for the plight of health-food eaters . 
About a month ago , Michelin Tire Corp. , Greenville , S.C. , began selling mountain-bike tires , for years a Specialized stronghold . 
Santa Fe Pacific ( NYSE ; Symbol : SFX ) 
Long-term CDs declined just a fraction . 
But yesterday 's announcement indicates that Ford has n't lost interest . 
There are many other strategies to bolster the returns of index funds . 
But lawyers said Mr. Steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because , when he sued Disney during his takeover battle , he filed on behalf of all shareholders . 
He met Mr. Bush in the 1950s , when the president was a young oil man in Midland and Mr. Allday was a lawyer for an oil firm . 
It was the second anniversary of the 1987 crash , but this time it was different . 
But that ghost was n't fooled ; he knew the RDF was neither rapid nor deployable nor a force -- even though it cost $ 8 billion or $ 10 billion a year . 
Commodore had been counting on its consumer business to stay sufficiently healthy to support its efforts in other areas -- mainly in getting schools and businesses to use its Amiga , which has slick graphics yet has been slow to catch on because it is n't compatible with Apple Computer Inc. or International Business Machines Corp. hardware . 
About 9,800 technical workers , notably chemists and lawyers , were switched to non-union status . 
Business : Tax Preparation 
The compromise was a somewhat softened version of what the White House had said it would accept . 
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game . 
But the strategy can backfire ; if the ads appear too self-serving , the companies may end up looking like rank opportunists instead of good Samaritans . 
Analysts have mixed views about the two-year note auction . 
The Polish fund would be seeded with $ 160 million , the Hungarian fund with $ 40 million . 
However , the phenomenon is not specifically Jewish . 
During the past year , government officials and leading business organizations have repeatedly urged Japanese companies to refrain from flashy real estate purchases in the 
Another major factor in this positive trend was Ronald Reagan 's decision early in his presidency to fight the budget war on the expenditure side rather than raising taxes . 
Three years ago , the Internal Revenue Service 's office in San Jose , Calif. , opened its doors to on-site massage . 
Security is 60 % to 70 % of the common area charges of these centers , vs. an industry average of about 15 % . 
`` The solution is stronger domestic growth { in Germany } , '' he said . 
The Thousand Oaks , Calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 97 % increase in revenue to $ 42.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
In response to the study , the FAA says it is considering changing its policy -- or lack of it -- on flight attendants . 
Mr. Price `` wanted to run the MTM business '' and may have regretted selling the company to TVS , suggested Charles Denton , managing director of Zenith Productions , a subsidiary of Carlton Communications PLC , London . 
Planar Systems Inc. of Beaverton , Ore. , the largest of these firms , with $ 20 million in annual revenue , has similar plans . 
First Boston Corp. is sole underwriter . 
While volatility wo n't go away , he said , `` Volatility is greater than program trading . 
Elsewhere , prices surged for a second day in Frankfurt , closed higher in Zurich , Stockholm and Amsterdam and were broadly lower in Milan , Paris and Brussels . 
Because the Bush administration is n't taking the initiative on health issues , business executives are dealing with congressional Democrats who champion health-care revision . 
Bourbon exporters have succeeded in Japan where other industries have failed , avoiding cultural hitches in marketing and distribution by allying themselves with local agents . 
Cars ca n't move because of overflowing sewers . 
The debt of some California issuers pulled off lows reached after Tuesday 's massive earthquake , although traders said market participants remained cautious . 
Labeling an omnibus budget a `` bill '' ca n't deprive the President of his power to veto items . 
Those employees are suspected of illegally gaining an estimated $ 376.8 million , the prosecutor was quoted as saying by the Excelsior news service . 
Eighteen months ago a `` disposable '' seven-day model bowed ; a year 's supply costs about $ 500 . 
Generali , Italy 's biggest insurer , last month offered 5,500 lire a share for the Nuovo Banco stake held by Banco Popolare di Milano , the bank 's largest shareholder , which announced plans to sell the holdings earlier this year . 
Rep. Austin Murphy ( D. , Pa. ) , chairman of the House labor standards subcommittee , said they might have done better `` if we 'd held their feet to the fire . '' 
Alexander Brody , 56 , will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations . 
Sales were higher in all of the company 's business categories , with the biggest growth coming in sales of foodstuffs such as margarine , coffee and frozen food , which rose 6.3 % . 
Merck , Rahway , N.J. , continued to lead the industry with a strong sales performance in the human and animal health-products segment . 
`` The shareholders felt we needed a foreign presence more than we needed links with an insurance company , '' an Ambrosiano spokeswoman said . 
Mr. Donohoo faces as much as three years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine for the Superfund conviction and as much as one year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine for the violation of the Clean Air Act . 
Chairman Carl L. Bixby said the decline occurred although revenue rose 30 % to more than $ 8.3 million from $ 6.4 million a year earlier . 
The highest-yielding funds are still above 9 % . 
Manufacturers produced 46,835 of the vehicles -- which have engines of 500 cubic centimeters or less -- an increase of 31,777 units . 
`` We do not intend to hide these costs from the American people . '' 
Fujitsu Ltd. is lavishing the most expensive promotion campaign in its history -- including a 100,000-guest bash at Tokyo Dome -- for its sophisticated sound\/graphics FM Towns machine , which it advertises for everything from balancing the family checkbook to practicing karaoke , bar singing . 
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
At Chemfix Technology Inc. , each supervisor 's recommendation must be approved by the next boss up the line , and then sanctioned by a salary review committee . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
But two other major storms have threatened operations so far this year , most recently Hurricane Jerry this week . 
Pestered by bosses , brokers , clients and media people and pushed by their own egos , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator . 
For the nine months , net income rose 19 % to $ 449 million , or $ 2.40 a share , from $ 375.9 million , or $ 2.01 a share , a year earlier . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. , the investment-banking firm , in its annual tally of investment returns , reported that old masters appreciated 51 % in the year ended June 1 , the greatest return of any of 13 assets it tracked . 
Mr. McDonough responds : `` I 'm asking people to broaden their agendas . '' 
FORMER CANADIAN AMBASSADOR to the U.S. Allan E. Gotlieb has joined the Philadelphia law firm of Pepper , Hamilton & Scheetz as a consultant . 
Moscow claims this is all needed to protect the Kabul regime against the guerrilla resistance . 
Gulf Power said in May that an internal audit had disclosed that at least one vendor had used false invoices to fund political causes . 
The best course for individual investors is to sell these stocks now , the two advisers say . 
At the time , the Merksamer chain had 11 stores in operation . 
Another 20 % of the borrowed funds would come from the sale to investors of junk bonds , which offer less security and typically carry higher yields than bank loans . 
Stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data that showed less inflation than expected . 
The oil and auto industries , united in their dislike of President Bush 's proposal for cars that run on alternative fuels , announced a joint research program that could turn up a cleaner-burning gasoline . 
Given the weakness of the junk-bond market , can he finance a buy-out ? 
But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily . 
Step 1 cleans up our books . 
The complex restructuring , which was long expected , transforms London-based WCRS from primarily a creator of advertising into one of Europe 's largest buyers of advertising time and space . 
Accepted bids were all at 7.962 % . 
For the previous financial year , the bank would have reported a pretax profit of M$ 168 million if it had n't made provisions for the nonperforming loans , he said . 
Cincinnati Bell Inc. said net declined 1.8 % . 
That included capital gains that were passed along to customers . 
Meanwhile , Sotheby 's guarantee is raising eyebrows in the art world . 
Mr. Koenig said : `` I just got a tremendous offer from Gruntal . 
Analysts said the company 's troubles mirror those of the industry . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
The now-standard price of $ 1 a share came about by accident . 
`` What have you got ? 
Abortion-rights advocates won last week 's battles , but the war over the nation 's most-contentious social question is about to pick up again on turf that favors those seeking to restrict abortions . 
This week , New York City announced a 10-point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers . 
Still , like the auto makers , when dealing with Mr. Everyman the Pentagon sticks to the tried and true . 
Campeau developed a cash squeeze that caused it to be tardy on some interest payments and to put its prestigious Bloomingdale 's department store chain up for sale . 
Mr. Percival declined to comment . 
As a result , they often speak one language at home , another at school . 
That 's the conclusion of a recent study of large law firms conducted by Altman & Weil Inc. , an Ardmore , Pa. , law firm consultant . 
`` ESB is aware that a hostile tender offer is being made by a foreign company for all of ESB 's shares , '' said F.J. Port , ESB 's president . 
The CBS official said that price sounded fine . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
It gets more mail in a month than McCall 's got in a year , and it 's not from mothers . 
The programs will run on the cable network the Sunday evening immediately prior to the release of the special issue of U.S. News & World Report . 
August 's decline in exports reflected decreases in sales of industrial supplies , capital goods and food abroad and increases in sales of motor vehicles , parts and engines . 
Why do you continually ignore the salubrious effects of indexing the basis of capital gains for inflation ? 
IBM , which said a year ago it was inviting companies to participate in some semiconductor work , has become far more open about its technology as it has tried to rally U.S. industry to head off the Japanese , who now dominate the market for dynamic random access memory chips . 
Digital Equipment Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. , NEC Corp. and Group Bull , among others , have similar arrangements with MIPs , based in Sunnyvale , Calif . 
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved . 
`` Most American investors have just given up , '' Mr. Brody says . 
To make it to top-10 status , it would have to leapfrog over such formidable forces as Grey Advertising , D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles and Omnicom 's DDB Needham . 
Brown tobacco in France is a more pungent , stronger grade than the lighter grade , or blonde tobacco , used in so-called American-style cigarettes . 
Peeking Inside Arteries From Outside the Body 
Three of the utility 's directors have at least doubled their holdings in the company since July . 
No non-competitive tenders will be accepted . 
A Taiwanese steelmaker recently announced plans to build a Nucor-like plant . 
`` I consider this a second career , '' he said . 
The increase reflects spending on the S&L rescue as well as payroll and Social Security checks normally issued in October that were issued in September this year because Oct. 1 fell on a Sunday . 
Several other European central banks , notably in Britain , followed the West German Bundesbank 's lead by raising their own key rates . 
`` The market must have turned up and down 15 different times , '' commented Lance Zipper , head of OTC trading at Kidder Peabody . 
GM 's Hughes Electronics unit said profit slid 22 % in the third quarter . 
It reduces lawsuits from disgruntled employees and ex-employees , with all that means for reduced legal costs and better public relations . 
Well , they can now go and audition there . 
Two election commission members opposed the matching plans . 
Translation : Motorola appears to have taken a Hitachi technology that is patented in the U.S. , Hitachi says , and `` tried to make it look like a new technology . '' 
`` They could be old or new , but they are magazines whose editorial quality needs to be improved . 
`` It 's the whole uncertainty about what 's happening around us , '' said Valentin Von Korff , a trader at Credit Suisse First Boston in Frankfurt . 
Tomorrow 's `` On Sports '' column will look at another aspect of the college sports mess . 
Traders are especially sensitive to reports of possible U.S. soybean sales because U.S. exports are lagging . 
`` This business is n't about personalities at the end of the day -- it s about whether the ink is red or black . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . 
Mr. Sherman is a professor of criminology at the University of Maryland and president of the Crime Control Institute in Washington , D.C . 
Over the last few weeks , he has frittered away roughly half of what was once a 33-point lead in the polls over Mr. Giuliani . 
Further , he said , an internal reorganization to combine several divisions into the Information Technology Group is expected to affect fourth-quarter results by an undisclosed amount . 
Mervin Lung remains chairman and chief executive officer . 
The government of President F.W. de Klerk is using this situation to improve its international image and head off further economic sanctions . 
It also asked Mesa to keep the proposal confidential . 
Unlike traditional buy-and-hold strategies , all of the above require that market makers be on hand to provide liquidity by buying and selling stocks in a crunch . 
Toshiba Corp . ( Japan ) -- $ 1.2 billion of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd . 
What 's more , both administration and congressional officials hint that the notification requirement is likely to be dropped from the guidelines on coup attempts that are being rewritten by the panel and the White House . 
Meanwhile , investor Marvin Davis said he remains interested in UAL , but he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid . 
Pitcher = lanzador . 
Experts say that whatever a person 's particular weak point , timing is crucial . 
Speculation has also arisen that the UAL executive most closely identified with the failure to gain bank financing , chief financial officer John Pope , may come under pressure to resign . 
`` Government continues to inhibit the productivity of our citizenry and the international competitiveness of American business , '' the vice president declared when he was head of the task force . 
Par said it selected him for the posts of president and chief executive on a permanent basis because of his experience in the industry and his performance at Par . 
Nigel Lawson was a victim of the immense confusion in thought that has been characteristic of Western financial circles during the 1980s . 
Millions of refugees would rush home . 
The president of CBS News , David W. Burke , did n't return numerous telephone calls . 
Mr. Fiechter said that among the possibilities being considered by regulators to fight discrimination is the use of `` testers '' -- government investigators who would pose as home buyers . 
Both women say they also find it distasteful that CBS News is apparently concentrating on Mr. Hoffman 's problems as a manic-depressive . 
A year earlier , the company had profit from discontinued operations of $ 24.9 million from sale of a pipeline , a refinery and an interest in a second refinery . 
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor , which directs the growth and function of white blood cells . 
More than 200 catalog outfits are promoting a low-cost Federal Express service that guarantees pre-Christmas delivery of orders made by a certain date . 
The dollar weakened against most other major currencies . 
Their problem is one of inefficiency of an industrial economy . 
Guaranteed by Mitsubishi Bank Ltd . 
Thomas Plaskett , Pan Am 's chairman , said the U.S. airline 's participation is a natural outgrowth of its current arrangements with Aeroflot to jointly operate nonstop New York-Moscow flights . 
Cleveland-based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles-based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings . 
For Aetna and other insurers , the San Francisco earthquake hit when resources in the field already were stretched . 
Trading was relatively thin at an estimated 650 million shares , though brisker than Monday 's 526 million . 
Seita and Matra currently are negotiating with city officials for the right to begin service . 
Many economic-development officials say the Koch administration 's aggressive approach helped save 5,000 Chase Manhattan Bank jobs from moving across the Hudson . 
The company says sales have soared . 
`` You 're not going to make it in a 5 % bank account , '' says James Riepe , director of mutual funds at T. Rowe Price . 
But under Alan Greenspan that has changed . 
`` Measure for Measure '' is Mr. Boyd 's first directorial assignment as the theater 's new artistic director . 
`` Sometimes , with the release of stress , you hear ` oohs ' and ` ahs ' coming out of the room , '' explains Morgan Banks , the agency 's health specialist . 
When the Trinity Repertory Theater named Anne Bogart its artistic director last spring , the nation 's theatrical cognoscenti arched a collective eyebrow . 
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September . 
The drop in earnings did n't surprise analysts who said the Pittsburgh glass , coatings and chemical concern had been predicting a slow quarter because of the sluggish construction industry , a major market for the company 's flat glass . 
Liquidity is not a service . 
This charge was partly offset , however , by $ 19 million in pretax capital gains . 
The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil and in 1987 and again in 1989 it appears to have handled them well . 
Japan 's biggest computer maker last week undercut seven competitors to win a contract to design a mapping system for the city of Hiroshima 's waterworks . 
He won D.T. 's queen for two minor pieces and two pawns -- not enough compensation , in this position , to give the computer much hope . 
When the tremors struck , the region 's largely unseen high-tech fabric held up surprisingly well despite the devastation visible from the air . 
( Its stake is even smaller if life insurance is included . ) 
While the State Department positions itself for the post-Barre period in Somalia , it should continue to back former President Carter 's well-intentioned role as a mediator between Mr. Mengistu and the Eritrean guerrillas in Ethiopia , while concomitantly opening up channels of communications with the Tigrean rebels through neighboring Sudan . 
Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of rape and incest , but Mr. Bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond instances in which the mother 's life is in danger . 
That would follow a 3.9 % advance in August . 
Canada is the world 's largest producer of market pulp . 
What is that point ? 
`` You ca n't ask one carrier to underwrite on social grounds when that might destroy it in the marketplace . '' 
The drug has a three-dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti-miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it . 
He added : `` Inflation is lower than I think people expected it to be , and I think that 's good news . '' 
Sir Richard succeeds John Plastow , who resigned in July . 
Both episodes wiped out Bank Bumiputra 's shareholders ' funds . 
Refcorp was created to help fund the thrift bailout . 
Unocal said it expects to complete the sale of its Unocal Norge A\/S unit by next March or April . 
Separately , Fannie Mae issued $ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities in 12 classes through First Boston Corp . 
Mr. Conway was executive vice president and chief investment officer of Union Central Life Insurance Co. , of Cincinnati , in 1987 , when Union Central bought a 54 % interest in Manhattan National Corp . 
Japanese banks are under `` political pressure '' as well , the analyst said . 
It was an audacious claim . 
The FASB had its initial meeting on March 28 , 1973 . 
It is widely expected that they will . 
Former National Assemblyman Hong Sa-Duk , now a radio commentator , says the problem is intolerable for many people . 
Yet too many people working in Hollywood today seem to suffer from the delusion that the drama played out in every home will be interesting to people who live somewhere else . 
`` It 's one thing to say you can sterilize , and another to then successfully pollinate the plant , '' he said . 
There was a horrible smell of gas as I passed the Chevron refinery before crossing the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge . 
But it is clear he is going to give it a shot . 
Some employers initiate referrals , especially if work problems threaten a top manager 's job . 
A$ 50 million of 17 1\/2 % Eurobonds due Dec. 4 , 1991 , priced at 101.95 to yield 17.06 less fees via Westpac Banking Corp . 
`` A great many federal regulations are meant for larger entities and do n't really apply to small businesses , '' says Marian Jacob , a legislative aide to Sen. Wallop . 
Lance Zipper , head of over-the-counter trading at Kidder Peabody , said it is difficult to make predictions based on yesterday 's trading volume . 
It is quite unfortunate that you failed so miserably in reporting the Hurricane Hugo disaster . 
Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover-stock trader that owns UAL stock , would n't comment on reports the firm is considering seeking such a shareholder vote . 
Unlike the earlier U.S. farm-trade proposal which struck European countries as too extreme , the latest plan would provide some room for maneuver . 
Nippon Meat Packers Inc . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi International Europe . 
The move , which injects capital into the system , is seen as an effort to reassure the finanicial markets that the U.S. central bank is ready to provide the ample liquidity . 
When they reapportion their districts after the 1990 census , every other municipality and state in the country will face this issue . 
Mark T. Kuiper Jersey City , N.J . 
But British Air , which was to have supplied $ 750 million out of $ 965 million in equity financing , apparently was n't involved in the second proposal and could well reject it even if banks obtain financing . 
A few weeks ago , New York sold $ 750 million of tax-exempts . 
`` I think it 's fairly clear { Mr. Keating } knew , '' that regulators were set to seize Lincoln , Mr. Seidman said . 
Still , Mrs. Thatcher had once again gone against the grain . 
Anticipating this settlement , the company recorded a pretax charge of $ 24 million during the fourth quarter of 1988 . 
And what about insurance firms ? 
It 's especially nettlesome `` if you 're on the road and you 're the one responsible , '' says Eddie Brown , president of Brown Capital Management Inc. , a Baltimore money-management firm . 
A number of those polled predict the dollar will slip as the Federal Reserve eases interest rates . 
Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 and can record 240 conversations simultaneously , or simple handheld units selling for $ 395 . 
These include office and residential real estate giant , HelmsleySpear Inc. , and Helmsley Hotels . 
The award exercises a Navy option to extend a contract given in 1984 . 
Mr. Ortega announced on Friday that he would end the cease-fire this week in response to the periodic Contra assaults against his army . 
He said 13,000 more copies were sent to Estonia because of strong sales . 
Despite politicians ' hand-wringing about the federal budget , the government ended fiscal 1989 with a $ 152.08 billion deficit , about the same as the two previous years . 
I call her agent , David Dominici . 
The packages must be sorted quickly and distributed to smaller vans for delivery , so couriers can be on the road by 8:35 . 
Tigrean armies are now 200 miles north of Addis Ababa , threatening the town of Dese , which would cut off Mr. Mengistu 's capital from the port of Assab , through which all fuel and other supplies reach Addis Ababa . 
Coke now leads Pepsi in market share in caffeine-free diet colas but trails Pepsi in sales of caffeine-free sugared colas , according to Beverage Digest . 
The declines in investment and efficiency explain in part why Mexico has been importing gasoline this year . 
However , its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million from $ 10.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike . 
The machines will cost around $ 16,250 on average in Europe . 
Then , flashing a diamond ring as big as the Ritz ( `` my day diamond , darling '' ) , she told her two companions that she is on the `` board '' of the Vatican Museum in Rome . 
He said Eaton 's quarter profit margin on controls was lower than he anticipated . 
The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy , but the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding the money 's true purpose and its ultimate destination . 
Japanese Reverse Tack On Patent Protection 
All major roadways except Interstate 880 , known as the Nimitz Freeway , and the Bay Bridge were open by 1 p.m. yesterday . 
And why should holders expect to realize that presumed `` worth ? '' 
If so , the damages could be tripled . 
`` Lloyd 's is on the ropes , '' says Peter Nutting , a Lloyd 's investor for 17 years who now leads a dissident group threatening to sue exchange underwriters for alleged mismanagement and negligence . 
Later it was performed on Radio Bremen in Germany , and then Lucinda Childs took it for one of her dance pieces . 
Greedily , it grabbed a pawn , at the cost of facing a brutal attack . 
Mr. Hersly formerly was group vice president of marketing and product planning for Chyron and president of the telesystems and video products division . 
These figures omit secondary guarantees , deposit insurance , and the activities of Government-Sponsored Enterprises ( a huge concern in its own right , as detailed on this page May 3 ) . 
The Beebes now believe that a prime culprit for their injuries was fumes from an adhesive used in the carpeting . 
QUOTABLE : 
The huge drop in UAL stock prompted one takeover stock trader , George Kellner , managing partner of Kellner , DiLeo & Co. , to deny publicly rumors that his firm was going out of business . 
In the San Francisco Bay area , more than 13,000 people were homeless and landslides threatened more houses . 
The executives face five to 15 years in prison and fines of $ 5,000 or double the profit made by failing to comply with the rules . 
Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole ( R. , Kan. ) , for one , accepts this argument and earlier this year publicly urged Mr. Bush `` to use the line-item veto and allow the courts to decide whether or not it is constitutional . '' 
The dollar finished lower yesterday , after tracking another rollercoaster session on Wall Street . 
But industry and OPEC officials agree that a handful of members still have enough unused capacity to glut the market and cause an oil-price collapse a few months from now if OPEC does n't soon adopt a new quota system to corral its chronic cheaters . 
Arkla Exploration owns sizable gas and crude-oil reserves in the South and Southwest . 
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking . 
Jewelry Makers Copy Cosmetics Sales Ploys 
But , he observes , while makers suffer losses when program trading drags the market down , they also make money when program trading pushes the prices higher . 
REPAIR SHOPS SCRAP for more access to work on auto-emissions systems . 
One of the best deals , though , may mean skipping Christmas dinner with the relatives . 
Futures trading resumed a half-hour later , but the session ended shortly thereafter , leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs , traders said . 
When a certain class of investment performs so poorly that its reputation is tarnished , look for Wall Street to give it a new moniker . 
Bulls say the market is an incredible bargain , priced at only about 12 times estimated 1989 earnings for stocks in the Standard & Poor 's 500 index . 
John R. Garrison President National Easter Seal Society 
Only time will tell if Mr. Boyd can restore to the Alley the acclaim it received when its founder , Nina Vance , was at the height of her powers . 
Many of the letters maintain that investor confidence has been so shaken by the 1987 stock market crash -- and the markets already so stacked against the little guy -- that any decrease in information on insider-trading patterns might prompt individuals to get out of stocks altogether . 
But it is n't clear that banks would lend sufficient money to deliver a big enough price to shareholders . 
The insurance brokerage agency , just a fragment of Helmsley 's vast empire , would be the first piece of the company to be stripped away since last summer when Mr. Helmsley 's wife , Leona Helmsley , was found guilty of tax evasion . 
Sales rose to $ 8.19 billion from $ 7.65 billion . 
Louise McNamee , Della Femina 's president , will continue running the U.S. agency day-to-day . 
Besides British Gas , British Steel skidded 1.74 to 123.5 on turnover of 11 million shares . 
Average daily trading volume : 881,969 shares 
Reuben Mark , chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive , said advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines ' audiences . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation . 
Toshiba Corp. said its new French marketing concern has started operating under the aegis of the company 's West German subsidiary , which formerly handled all sales of Toshiba electronic products in France . 
Ruined the damn fishing ! 
Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion , and paid $ 500,000 in fines . 
That 's about half the price of comparably equipped IBM mainframes . 
`` Disclosures are very poor in India . '' 
These gains were partly offset by output of cars and other consumer durables , which eased 3.9 % from June 's high level . 
`` These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , '' he said . 
Mr. M'Bow was an extreme case , but even his replacement , the more personally genial Spanish biochemist Federico Mayor , has had little success at achieving reforms . 
Teleflora will run TV ads at Valentine 's Day promoting its `` Snoopy 's Love Bouquet . '' 
Rick Sherlund , a Goldman Sachs analyst , said Lotus had upgrade revenue of about $ 22 million in the quarter , twice what he had expected . 
Holders at the meeting elected a full slate of Canadian Express nominees to Enfield 's 11-member board . 
For Contel 's part , the company a month ago informed each of its money managers that it would drop them if they give business to program-trading firms . 
Once inside , she spends nearly four hours measuring and diagramming each room in the 80-year-old house , gathering enough information to estimate what it would cost to rebuild it . 
Getting to and from the airport in coming weeks may be the problem , however . 
But his complaint that `` Days of Rage '' does n't contain balanced comments from Israelis about how badly the Palestinians are behaving is irrelevant . 
The National Security Council itself was established in 1947 because policy makers sensed a need , in an increasingly complex world , for a formal system within the White House to make sure that communications flowed smoothly between the president and the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence agencies . 
The maker of document image processing equipment said the state procurement division had declared FileNet in default on its contract with the secretary of state uniform commercial code division . 
But turn into the shopping center 's parking lot , and one could be in the safe , busy mall of a prosperous suburb . 
Joseph Lombardo , who the government alleged was the `` captain '' of organized crime in Chicago , was one of numerous defendants in the government 's sweeping racketeering suit against the Teamsters . 
Alusuisse of America Inc. plans to sell its Consolidated Aluminum Corp. subsidiary as part of its strategy to focus more on aluminum packaging in the U.S. . 
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer . 
Dick Pound , a committee member , began by disclosing that ABC and NBC had refused to even bid . 
The Financial Services division has guaranteed the Dorrance family that it will receive a minimum of $ 100 million for the collection , regardless of what the bids for the art works total , people close to the transaction say . 
`` Mastergate '' is subtitled `` a play on words , '' and Mr. Gelbart plays that game as well as anyone . 
Mr. Cawthorn said in an interview that sales will show an increase from a year ago of `` somewhat less than 10 % . '' 
a four-part , $ 71 million issue of secured equipment certificates priced through Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Industrial production declined 0.1 % in September , reinforcing other signs that the manufacturing sector continues its slowing trend . 
Born-again Christians are the most visible targets of unscrupulous do-gooder investment pitches . 
EG&G Inc. said it acquired Laboratorium Prof. Dr. Berthold , a German maker of scientific instruments . 
The result is that all sides resort to sleight of hand to make room for competing housing and environmental programs , and the commitments now will drive excess spending into fiscal 1991 . 
Such titles are designed to convey a sense of dignified , broad-scale competence and expertise in selling today 's myriad financial products . 
American Express Co. 's Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. unit said it ceased all index-arbitrage program trading for client accounts . 
About 20 other deaths were also attributed to the earthquake . 
Defense contractors `` can not continue to get contracts on that basis , '' said Howard Rubel , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc. in New York . 
Mr. Greenberg himself was paid $ 4.5 million , before an estimated $ 1.5 million in dividends , up from $ 2.4 million the year before . 
The 200-person staff cutback announced yesterday will bring Priam 's employment to about 380 workers , less than half of what it was before a similar , 230-person reduction in August . 
There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation , some of them in the poorest of ghettos , and they are all sending us the same message . 
The French unit of Ferruzzi Agricola Finanziaria also disclosed a 40 % rise in its consolidated net profit for the first half of 1989 , excluding nonrecurring items and after payments to minority interests . 
The issue is far-reaching . 
The strike at five De Beers mines began last Thursday , with 9,500 out of a total 10,000 NUM members employed on De Beers mines participating , according to the union , while De Beers said there were 7,800 participants . 
He takes over a school system in the midst of radical reform . 
When the lease expires in 1999 , he says , `` It 's got to be changed . '' 
In August , the index was up 0.2 % from the previous month , and was up 4.5 % on a year-to-year basis . 
Spain 's Socialist Party claimed victory in nationwide elections , saying it had retained its parliamentary majority by one seat . 
Mr. Blum added he was n't surprised Mr. Koenig resigned , but his departure was `` nothing that we desired or worked for . '' 
These actions did n't affect results because the gain on the sale of the European cosmetics businesses was offset by provisions relating to the Brazil divestiture and drug restructuring . 
Chicago Title & Trust acquired Safeco in 1987 and changed the unit 's name to Security Union Title Insurance Co . 
Share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Mr. Moon 's two English-language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain . 
Tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly Tuesday , extended their gains yesterday , but most other Asian and Pacific markets closed sharply lower . 
As a result , Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's government is n't currently expected to ease interest rates before next spring , if then . 
Treasury officials say the Costa Rican agreement demonstrates that the Brady debt plan can benefit small debtor countries as well as big debtors , such as Mexico . 
Nearly all the decline came in Ford 's U.S. automotive operations . 
The health-maintenance concern said it reached the agreement with its court-appointed creditors ' committees Sept. 28 , and intends to submit the plan to the bankruptcy court in November . 
The U.S. has voiced opposition to China 's bid for GATT membership , saying China has yet to undertake needed economic reforms . 
The Mexico-United States Institute is glad to see such a high official as Mexico 's undersecretary of finance view his country 's reforms `` in the context of a larger , world-wide process '' of profound change toward free-market economics , especially in the statist countries . 
Lincoln 's collapse may cost taxpayers as much as $ 2.5 billion , according to estimates , making it the most expensive thrift failure in history . 
`` It 's possible , though not probable , '' that the state could get by with its existing resources and federal help , said Quentin Kopp , chairman of the state senate 's transportation committee . 
David H. Eisenberg , 53 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Imasco 's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit , based in Alexandria , Va . 
Cordis sold its pacemaker operations two years ago to Telectronics Holding Ltd. of Australia . 
In August , Recognition said it was in violation of certain terms of its debt agreements with bank lenders because of a $ 3.9 million loss for the third quarter ended July 31 . 
In addition , IBM 's growth in software in the third quarter was just 8.8 % , well below historical levels even when adjusted to reflect last year 's payment from Fujitsu and the stronger dollar . 
And then , `` he wo n't panic , '' says J. Bruce Johnston , a former USX executive and now a labor and benefit consultant with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh . 
The consumer brands unit was absorbed by the photographic , pharmaceutical and chemical concern last year when it acquired Sterling Drug Inc . 
To promote this balance , OPEC now is finally confronting a long-simmering internal problem . 
They do n't even want to talk to you . 
What loyalty there is to gas brands , he believes , is a matter of stopping at the most conveniently located service stations . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Dec. 1 , 1989 , through Nov. 2 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 24 . 
The increase in wage and benefit costs in the third quarter was greater than the 1 % rise reported for the third quarter of 1988 . 
Ms. Bogart does better with music than with words when she wants , as she so often does want , to express herself through Gorky 's helpless play . 
Paribas said that once it receives the go-ahead from French stock market authorities , it will offer to boost its Navigation Mixte stake to 66.7 % from the current 18.7 % . 
For those looking for something between a minority stake and total ownership , the owners ' group is considering a special sale where established horse breeders would sell a 50 % stake in horses to newcomers . 
Lawyers will benefit . 
The 49-nation organization , meeting in Malaysia , called for tighter financial pressure immediately . 
From my own point of view , given the qualities of humanity , creativity and warm spirit in which the Cuban people excel , we deny ourselves access to things we hold dear , and which seem to run in such short supply these days . 
The long-running scandal surrounding the 1982 collapse of Banco Ambrosiano was reignited by the arrest last week of Rome businessman Flavio Carboni on fraud charges . 
First , generalize . 
Maturities usually are shorter when rates are rising and longer when they are falling . 
Small businesses in general account for almost 40 % of unreported personal income , the IRS has said . 
Total operating expenses increased 3.5 % to $ 2.78 billion from $ 2.69 billion . 
On Wall Street , Merrill Lynch & Co. analyst Daniel A. Roling rates the stock `` neutral '' and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. lists it as a `` buy . '' 
The pilot union , the only one to support the buy-out thus far , said the flight attendants ' decision `` enforces our belief that an all-employee owned airline is practical and achievable . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Kimberly-Clark closed at $ 66.50 a share , up $ 1.50 . 
What triggered the latest clash was a skirmish over the timing of a New Zealand government bond issue . 
At Avery Fisher Hall here , Mr. McDuffie was heard recently with Mr. Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia in more conventional fare -- Bruch 's overwrought `` Violin Concerto in G Minor . '' 
Toni Johnson pulls a tape measure across the front of what was once a stately Victorian home . 
Tuesday , October 24 , 1989 
Some underwriters have been pressing for years to tap the low-margin business by selling some policies directly to consumers . 
KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up . 
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed . 
The agency noted , however , the estimate will likely be confirmed . 
The one-year LIBOR rate yesterday was 8 7\/16 % . 
But the total value of the prizes was only $ 5,000 and most `` winners '' will receive just 10 cents , according to the attorney general 's office . 
Winners outnumbered losers 645-293 , with 186 issues unchanged . 
`` It was dead , listless , depressing and negative , '' said one trader at a U.S. bank in Frankfurt . 
But in today 's overbuilt market , tenants have many choices and are negotiating low rents that squeeze building owners . 
`` Why did it take Burroughs Wellcome so long to apply '' for treatment investigational new drug status ? the New York Democrat asked . 
These days , `` Batibot '' is produced in a converted lumberyard on a shoestring budget of $ 3,000 a one-hour segment . 
After gaining strength during a brief run-up when trading began , the Nasdaq Composite Index weakened under selling pressure . 
The program , which runs through Jan. 4 , also offers low-rate financing in lieu of the cash rebate . 
He was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg , Thalmann & Co. until July , when he was named co-chairman of the investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr. , who then became the sole chief executive . 
`` A lot of donors just get taken . '' 
In the opinion of many , he has n't stopped running since , even though he declined a rematch with Gov. Kean in 1985 . 
Qintex Australia Ltd. encountered another setback Friday when its Los Angeles-based affiliate , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code . 
A spokeswoman for Ogilvy & Mather said the agency does n't comment on `` idle speculation . '' 
Persuading tradition-bound Japanese retailers to get involved in the turmoils of the U.S. retailing industry is n't likely to be so easy , analysts say . 
Just because Stamford , Conn. , High School did nothing when its valuable 1930s mural was thrown in the trash does n't mean the city no longer owns the work of art , a federal judge ruled . 
In search of buyers for upscale department-store chains such as Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue , investment bankers are turning to -- who else ? The Japanese . 
Though the bank is n't performing as well as some of its competitors in the lucrative California market , its condition has improved since Mr. Decker took over . 
He declined to name the shareholder , the plaintiff 's lawyer or the court where the lawsuit was filed . 
A group of investors , including Giancarlo Parretti 's Pathe Communications Corp. and Sasea Holding S.A. , have agreed to buy 76.66 % of Odeon Finanziaria , a financially troubled Italian TV station . 
The stock jumped 9 1\/2 Friday , when the company announced it was in takeover talks . 
At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte ( R. , Mass. ) , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto , and though Mr. Conte and Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position . 
As a result , brokerage house officials said , appropriate comparisons from the same period a year earlier were unavailable . 
Lee Co. , the jeans maker , celebrates its 100th anniversary with a hardcover yearbook featuring photos of its 10,000 employees . 
The fact that the agency will now be part of a U.K. company , under British accounting rules , will also make the profit picture look better . 
Doskocil Cos. said its bank-debt payments have been extended until May 31 , 1990 , to give it more time to sell its Wilson Foods Corp. retail and fresh meat operations . 
In the San Francisco area , roughly 800,000 barrels a day of crude , about a third of all the refining capacity in California , is processed daily , according to industry data . 
`` Generally , when New York and California go one way , it has a tremendous influence on other states , especially small ones , '' said Mr. Rheingold . 
Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . 
Alltel holds 45 % of the franchise , which has operations in Aiken , S.C. , and Augusta , Ga . 
`` Capital spending and exports , which have been the driving force in this expansion , are showing clear signs of having the steam taken out of them , '' said Robert Dederick , economist for Northern Trust Co. in Chicago . 
At the same time , though , it must become more structured to better manage its growth . 
To provide for the restructuring 's costs , Trinova said it took an after-tax charge of $ 38.5 million , or $ 1.13 a share , in the third quarter . 
The chains `` used to offer discounts during winter when business was slow , but in the last year or so , discounting has become a 12-month thing , '' says Donald Harty , president of Charisma Group Inc. , a New York franchisee of Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King chain . 
Not including thrifts under government conservatorship , S&Ls reduced their assets by $ 10.1 billion from the previous month , and deposit outflows totaled $ 3.9 billion . 
Mr. Gintel , head of Gintel & Co. , said he plans to conduct a proxy contest to elect a majority of Xtra 's board at the next annual stockholders meeting . 
Zurich-based magazine Bilanz lists Mr. Rey as having a fortune of about 1.5 billion Swiss francs . 
Then suddenly Ike 's ghost came to visit and said , `` What the hell are you doing planning for a land war in Asia 12,000 miles away ? 
At dawn on a cool day , hundreds travel to the private market in Radzymin , a town not far from Warsaw , hauling pigs , cattle and sacks of feed that the state 's official buyers ca n't induce them to sell . 
That helped persuade the company to introduce a new advertising slogan : `` A warm hug from Campbell 's . '' 
Yesterday , the company said the negative after-tax effect on earnings for the year will be about $ 3.3 million . 
`` That 'll save us time and get people involved . '' 
The two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment , were Coniston Partners , which battled the UAL board in 1987 , and New York real estate developer Donald Trump , who recently made and withdrew an offer for American Airlines parent AMR Corp . 
Home Beneficial Corp. , Richmond , Va. , said it contracted to sell its 50 % interest in a Richmond-area shopping mall to a buyer that was n't identified . 
But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest . 
The state says there 's no worry -- investment returns , combined with fees and the gains from unused plans , will provide all the cash it needs . 
Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix . 
Some investors are skeptical of growth stocks because investing in them means ignoring that maxim found in the fine print of some investment advertisements -- that past performance is n't indicative of future results . 
But those represent long-term strategies that probably wo n't succeed quickly , even if they turn out to be the right ones . 
Its popularity was due to speculation about the strong earnings potential of a new type of plastic wrap for household use , a trader at County Natwest Securities Japan said . 
Conner also makes hard-disk drives for desktop computers and is a major supplier to Compaq , which as of July owned 40 % of Conner 's stock . 
The Tokyo Regional Taxation Office declines to comment , and Mr. Kori , the tycoon 's secretary , says the problem simply resulted from a difference of opinion over what was considered income . 
Whereas most men were a bit ambivalent about the sex scandals ( though they were furious about Recruit ) , women were upset about both and surged to the polls . 
Mr. Allday would succeed Martha Hesse , who is resigning . 
`` It 's going to be nuclear war , '' says Thomas Willmott , a consultant with Aberdeen Group Inc . 
Previously , airlines were limiting the programs because they were becoming too expensive . 
Either way it was a pity , because Mr. Stolzman offered the most substantial music of the evening just after intermission : Steve Reich 's `` New York Counterpoint , '' one of a series of Reich works that juxtapose a live performer with recorded tracks of his or her own playing . 
But they have to attract good senior bankers who can bring in the business from day one . '' 
The latest period includes 14 months instead of 12 because Bear Stearns changed to a fiscal year ending in June instead of April . 
I could also see the clouds across the bay from the horrible fire in the Marina District of San Francisco . 
Apparently so . 
In addition to being broadcast on cable television , the movie also is being distributed on videocassettes , the suit alleges in seeking unspecified damages . 
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer . 
TransCanada declined to comment on the Foothills application . 
Last month , Apple Computer Inc. said that it would n't invest in the group . 
One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area , facilities that provide a ready base of supplies and workers . 
Beheading small children , stabbing elderly people to death , raping and shooting women , and burying people alive are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years . 
Congress is unlikely to go even that far . 
Moody 's said the proposed recaptilization may `` limit the company 's ability to realize its profit potential '' and that paying dividends from a new series of preferred could squeeze `` basic business operations . '' 
And , just recently , Merrill Lynch cut the recommended bondholdings back to 50 % . 
The closing will affect about 3,000 workers and eliminate production of 700 cars . 
It was `` the Soviets ' Vietnam . '' 
`` It was a timing mistake . '' 
Moreover , it 's trying to transfer its skill at designing military equipment to commercial ventures . 
Company officials , holders and analysts who previously expected the disposals to be substantially complete by the end of next year 's first half now say the market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half . 
The shuttle Atlantis 's crew prepared to return to Earth today several hours earlier than planned to avoid high winds forecast at the landing site at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif . 
This summer , the jamboree attracted more visitors than the busiest week of the town 's winter ski season . 
NOTE : All figures are translated into U.S. dollars based on current exchange rates . 
But yesterday , the company said this year 's profit will be lower . 
Battle-tested Japanese industrial managers here always buck up nervous newcomers with the tale of the first of their countrymen to visit Mexico , a boatload of samurai warriors blown ashore 375 years ago . 
Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots , management , and British Airways PLC -- is now willing to pay higher bank fees and interest , but is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution . 
An additional piece of evidence from the Senate : Holding other factors constant , such as incumbency advantages and regional factors , the difference between popular votes for Republican presidential and senatorial candidates in states conducting a Senate election turns out to be a positive function of how onerous the federal government 's tax burden is per state ( a progressive tax rate hits higher-income states harder ) . 
In a convertible mortgage , the investor lends the building owner a certain amount in return for the option to convert its interest into equity , usually less than 50 % , at the end of the loan term . 
Comprehensive Care said First Hospital had advised it that both bank debt and senior notes would be repaid after the acquisition , although it is n't assured the acquisition will be completed . 
September orders for machine tools rebounded from the summer doldrums , but remained 7.7 % below year-earlier levels , according to figures from NMTBA -- the Association for Manufacturing Technology . 
In 1983 , Mr. Hastings was found not guilty of accepting a $ 150,000 bribe in a case before him , the central charge on which the Senate convicted him . 
`` But it 's like biting the hand that feeds them , because every one of these companies uses direct marketing . '' 
A community of abandoned farmsteads , failing businesses , and crumbling roads and bridges is hardly a desirable one ... . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply . 
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise . 
Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . 
While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday . 
During that time , a buyer with the clout of a Renaissance could end up driving up the price of stocks it was trying to buy if it tipped its hand . 
And they 're leaning more toward fixed income , whose returns after tax have trailed tuition increases . 
So far no one has suggested putting the comptroller back on the board . 
In the Lilly case , the appeals court broadly construed a federal statute to grant Medtronic , a medical device manufacturer , an exemption to infringe a patent under certain circumstances . 
They are : James R. Eiszner , 62 years old and chairman and chief executive officer of CPC International Inc. ; Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , and Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chairman and chief executive officer of Chemical Banking Corp . 
Mr. Decker 's resignation surprised many industry officials . 
That growth is the result of Mr. Andersson 's shopping spree , during which he has bought and sold more than 100 companies during the past five years . 
Although Digital has staked out a major presence in the booming workstation market , profit margins in that market are much slimmer than for mainframes . 
Washington rejected the bid , saying the hostages were n't linked to other issues . 
Though direct mail to businesses is n't broken out separately , the association says it 's growing even faster . 
During the past year , Wang has developed new products and a new strategy and hired a new president . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.63 , up 0.25 ; spot index 129.84 , off 0.25 . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Revenue gained 3.1 % to $ 26.81 billion from $ 26 billion . 
`` I do n't know anybody in the industry who has n't experienced litigation , '' he says . 
The illegal `` tip '' of the bunny 's good nose was then largely a confirmation of rumors already known to many in the market . 
As the Hunt brothers ' personal bankruptcy cases sputter into their second year , Minpeco S.A. has proposed a deal to settle its huge claim against the troubled Texas oil men . 
The chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks . 
In New York late yesterday , it was at 141.70 yen , up from 141.45 yen late Wednesday . 
Commenting on the budget mess this week , President Bush said : `` The perception out there is that it 's the fault of Congress . 
Put more simply , GOP candidates for president are looked on more kindly by voters than Republican candidates for the Senate when the prisoner 's dilemma is more severe . 
Revenue was $ 613.7 million , up 18 % from $ 521.2 million a year ago . 
Air France and Lufthansa last month concluded a far-reaching cooperation accord that includes air-freight activities . 
Don Browne , director of news at NBC News , said in an interview that `` we could n't get a signal out of San Francisco . 
ITT bought back 8.8 million shares this year , including 2.8 million during the third quarter . 
Several observers interpreted Mr. Dozen 's appointment as an attempt by Daiwa to make its international operations more profitable while preparing the firm for the effects of the continuing deregulation of Japan 's domestic markets , which should mean increased competition . 
Revenue rose 40 % to 13.32 billion francs from 9.53 billion . 
Average daily volume in S&P 500 futures last year was 44,877 contracts . 
To date , says Emil Jachmann , a Dictaphone vice president , it has `` broken even or shown a small loss . '' 
PLO leader Arafat asked Egypt to seek clarifications from the U.S. on Secretary of State Baker 's plan for Mideast peace talks , an aide to Egyptian President Mubarak said . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday . 
But some fear imposing a temporary gasoline tax increase in the meantime could undercut support among voters for the measure . 
Based on yesterday 's closing price of the S&P , the average value of one day 's trading amounts to $ 7.6 billion . 
The market 's pessimism reflects the gloomy outlook in Detroit . 
WASHINGTON LIES LOW after the stock market 's roller-coaster ride . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) . 
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers . 
The rest , as they say , is history . 
About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day , and probably hundreds more came and went -- a `` seething mass , '' as one trader described it . 
A spokesman for Phoenix , Ariz.-based Valley National , said the concern will be able to withstand the current downturn in Arizona real estate . 
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation . 
A round of futures-related program selling near the close sent the stock market lower in otherwise directionless trading . 
Yet , late last year , Congress effectively reversed this decision by enacting a one-sentence statute that defined fraud to include any scheme to deprive another of `` the intangible right of honest services . '' 
The exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted has n't been determined but should be known by the end of the week , Dr. McBride said . 
Fed critics , however , hailed it as a long overdue attempt to bring a measure of openness and democracy to the setting of monetary policy . 
`` If the person believes there 's an evil spirit , you ask it to be gone , '' he says . 
The Communications Workers of America , which opposes such monitoring , says supervisors listen in on an estimated 400 million calls each year . 
HUD officials said they will make available as many as 100 Bay area houses that are under HUD loans but now are vacant after the houses have been inspected to ensure they are sound . 
The Agriculture Department also said that the number of fattened cattle slaughtered in the quarter dropped by 5 % from the 1988 quarter , which was in line with projections by analysts . 
While the industrial average rallied on Monday following last Friday 's collapse , the OTC market , which did n't suffer too badly during the correction , tumbled . 
Still , Mr. Bush and some other aides are strongly drawn to the idea of trying out a line-item veto . 
Looking to the past can provide some clues . 
Its symptoms include a cold sweat at the sound of debate , clammy hands in the face of congressional criticism , and fainting spells when someone writes the word `` controversy . '' 
Its stock , which was as high as $ 18.75 a share , has been trading under $ 4 a share recently . 
Frank Gilmartin , a trader who follows insurance stocks for Fox-Pitt Kelton , said his strategy was to sell early . 
And Southwest lawmakers were a driving force behind $ 54.6 million for U.S.-Mexico border facilities , or more than double the administration 's request . 
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid . 
This is that the Reagan Revolution spanning Eastern Europe and Tiananmen Square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by international civil servants or government functionaries . 
She lives in Oakland , a community hit hard by the earthquake . 
The issues are also thought to be important to the FCC 's new chairman , Alfred Sikes , a former AM broadcaster in his native Missouri . 
That analysis matches up with stock traders ' reports that , despite the huge drop in the stock , UAL has n't returned to the level at which it could attract buying by institutions solely on the basis of earnings . 
Economists expect consumer food prices to jump 5.5 % this year to the highest level since 1980 and up from last year 's 4.1 % rise . 
The spokesman said he also understood that the inquiry related to the existence of an `` off-the-record '' production book . 
`` A package of credit support was put together -- including the assets of Steve and his firm . '' 
This is where the voters are , which is where politicians usually end up . 
$ 100 million of 8 5\/8 % bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 8.74 % annually less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
`` I have no reason to think things will get worse , but this market has a knack for surprising us . 
CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , had only minor damage to headquarters building and was up and running for yesterday 's market open . 
Which is what the Old Guard fears . 
Instead , they are spending to reinforce the identity that they believe attracts their customers . 
The state bar association 's policy making body , the House of Delegate , voted Saturday to ask Chief Judge Sol Wachtler to give the bar 's voluntary program three years to prove its effectiveness before considering mandatory pro bono . 
Linear Technology , Milpitas , Calif. , called the settlement `` positive , '' since products covered by the disputed patents account for about 20 % of its annual sales . 
But he said they are `` to a large degree , housekeeping , '' although some may generate some disagreement . 
The other element includes consolidating BethForge 's press-forge operations . 
After the confusion surrounding the change of the Coke formula in 1985 , Coca-Cola was reluctant to clutter the Classic name with a brand extension . 
The union sued the state in November 1985 , alleging that it intentionally segregated job classifications by sex and paid employees in predominantly female jobs less than males in comparable jobs . 
`` I think this is a market that required some level of security . 
Many retailers fear a price war will erupt if cash-strapped companies such as Campeau Corp. slash tags to spur sales . 
Circus Circus 's flagship casino has become the envy of competitors for its ability to vacuum cash from the pockets of vacationing families . 
-- Confirming other government data showing that wages are n't keeping pace with inflation , earnings of year-round , full-time male workers fell 1.3 % in 1988 after adjusting for higher prices , the first such drop since 1982 . 
In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape , incest and life endangerment , but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case . 
Turnover was 6.8 million shares , including about four million shares traded in the afternoon after the shareholders ' meeting . 
He did n't say what the company expected to report for year-earlier sales , which will be restated from the previously reported $ 603 million . 
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases . 
`` You twist people 's trust . 
Computer Sciences said its work will improve mail-processing efficiency . 
Until Avery makes an acquisition , Messrs. Peltz and May will waive their direct salaries and bonuses , the company said . 
Figures do n't include taxes or transaction costs . 
That could shove a weak economy into recession . 
Loan covenants require that the company achieve specified levels of operating earnings and meet a rolling four-quarter profitability test . 
In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to `` parties in interest , '' which generally means active workers but also includes retirees who continue as directors and 10 % shareholders . 
He added that Eurocom and WCRS had agreed to provide a development fund of # 100 million for acquisitions . 
Is n't this the same guy who resigned as Navy secretary because he could n't get his 1,000-ship Navy ? 
The House version of the bill does include the tax cut . 
Pennsylvania Higher Education Facilities Authority -- approximately $ 117 million of revenue bonds for Hahnemann University , Series 1989 , due 1990-2002 , 2009 and 2019 , priced late Monday by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.282 % in 2019 . 
Meanwhile , the big players have n't tried to copy the NEC standard . 
Inco 's net fell to $ 129.3 million , or $ 1.23 a share , in the third quarter from $ 200.3 million , or $ 1.88 a share , a year earlier . 
As soon as the tremor passed , many people spontaneously arose and cheered , as though it had been a novel kind of pre-game show . 
The operational freedom has also given Federal a leg up on archrival United Parcel Service Inc. , the nation 's largest employer of United Brotherhood of Teamsters members . 
Although it would be costly to shoot multiple versions , TV programmers could let audiences vote on different endings for a movie . 
Foreign-exchange dealers noted that the impact of the chairman 's remarks was slight and warned that the currency remains sensitive to developments on Wall Street . 
Although such a venture would n't match the `` fourth network '' created by News Corp. 's Fox Broadcasting Co. , MCA and Paramount may have similar ambitions . 
Our advice is this : Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts , and find some monetary policy target that balances both supply and demand for money ( which neither aggregates nor interest rates can do ) . 
Evaluating asset-backed securities poses another problem . 
Otto Wichterle , a Czech , invented them in 1962 . 
Qintex Australia also said it has an investment of A$ 83.3 million in Qintex Entertainment shares . 
I add two others . 
By contrast , average dollar volume on the Big Board last year was $ 5.3 billion . 
`` The American proposal is not an adequate basis for negotiation , '' the EC said in a statement . 
Most of us know a sucker . 
Bell Resources is acquiring Bond 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.9 billion ) . 
Grumman Corp. was given a $ 15 million Navy contract for aircraft-electronics improvements . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Nine-month sales were $ 2.79 billion , up 8.2 % from $ 2.58 billion a year earlier . 
LIN now plans to dole out $ 42 a share in cash , up from the earlier $ 20 amount . 
At the same time four of six design projects were spiked , he said . 
New York-based John Kuhns and Robert MacDonald control East Rock Partners Inc. , the sole general partner of East Rock Partners L.P . 
The result is a $ 45 billion market , according to Securities Data Co . 
Lake View had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair and crime-infested cemetery . 
Advertisers do n't think of the magazine first , says Joan McCraw , who joined in April as national advertising director . 
It gave the Japanese people a value system , based on the rationalization that given the country 's lack of natural resources , they must work hard to create value through exports and buy food with the surplus . 
Market segmentation in cars is n't new , but it 's far more extensive than when Alfred P. Sloan Jr. conceived the idea 50 years ago . 
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group . 
The troubled disk drive maker aims with the new 3 1\/2-inch disks to revive its reputation and sales growth . 
Qintex said Mr. Evans , the former president , resigned for `` personal reasons '' and that Mr. Kimmel , an attorney , resigned because his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying MGM\/UA was no longer necessary . 
Morgan Stanley is expected to price another junk bond deal , $ 350 million of senior subordinated debentures by Continental Cablevision Inc. , next Tuesday . 
In the mortgage pass-through sector , active issues rose but trailed gains in the Treasury market . 
The redemption price will be 109.66 % of the principal amount of the bonds , plus accrued interest to the date of redemption . 
An investment group led by Chicago 's Pritzker family recently lowered a $ 3.35 billion bid for American Medical International , Beverly Hills , Calif. , because of the threat of the legislation . 
The company expects to resume full operations by today . 
Japan has found another safe outlet for its money : U.S. home mortgages . 
Britain 's House of Commons passed a law that will force English soccer fans to carry identity cards to enter stadiums . 
Total turnover in Glaxo was a thin 975,000 shares . 
Completion of the exchange offer is subject to the tender of at least 80 % of the debt , among other things . 
The company said its quarterly results are now being publicly filed as the result of the formation earlier this year of employee stock investment plans . 
Even lobbyists for heavy industry , one of the interests hit hardest in the 1986 bill , are encouraged . 
Around Thanksgiving , the Solar Max satellite , which NASA repaired in orbit in 1984 , will tumble back into the Earth 's atmosphere . 
In 1980 , the study says , prosecutors surveyed filed charges against 25 defendants for each 100,000 people aged 18 years and older . 
McDonald 's Mr. Millis said Goodyear appeared to have held or gained some market share in the U.S. for the first time since the second quarter of 1988 . 
The Senate , after deleting Section 89 repeal from its deficit-reduction bill , still is expected to join the House in voting to kill the law , which forces companies to provide comparable benefits to laborers and executives alike . 
Adverse publicity from the scandal surrounding its founder 's wife and related management strife have put pressure on the entire Helmsley organization . 
Traders said most municipal bonds ended 1\/2 point higher . 
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter . 
It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914 , when the Bank of England was an independent private bank , the pound was never devalued and payment of gold for pound notes was never suspended , but with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England , the pound was devalued with increasing frequency and its use as an international medium of exchange declined . 
The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs ( $ 1.77 billion ) . 
The criminal charges brought against him involved GE technology , according the court documents . 
-- Among married couples , the gap between blacks and whites narrowed sharply , as income of black families shot up 6.8 % while income of whites did n't budge . 
One Board member , Bronx Borough President Ferdinand Ferrer , was said to be so impatient with Mr. Dinkins 's behavior at many meetings that he withheld his support for Mr. Dinkins 's mayoral effort until late in the primary campaign . 
The three insolvent thrifts will maintain normal business hours and operations under RTC-appointed managing agents , while the RTC tries to negotiate permanent resolutions . 
In Monmouth , an important swing area , Republican freeholders now run on a slogan promising to keep the county `` clean and green . '' 
Tenneco Credit is a unit of Tenneco Inc . 
In a sign the stock slump has n't quieted Europe 's takeover fever , Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to bid for one of France 's other large financial and industrial holding companies , Cie. de Navigation Mixte . 
Sales were flat at $ 7.88 billion . 
Trading activity cooled off from Monday 's sizzling pace . 
In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest . 
Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The solution devised by the professor was to hire six people who would mirror the actual jury demographically , sit in on the trial and report their reactions to him . 
The judge dismissed the suit and ordered Mr. Maynard 's company to pay over $ 100,000 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers . 
Paribas said it would publish details of its bid once authorities clear it . 
Now one might ask why people who sell eggs would fight someone who is trying to make it easier to crack them . 
This gene , called `` gametocide , '' is carried into the plant by a virus that remains active for a few days . 
Scott Wakeman was named president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations , titles that had been held by Mr. Weekes . 
Dealers said fresh buying was drawn into Jaguar after a senior executive of Daimler-Benz , the auto maker , told a British television interviewer during the weekend that the West German company held talks with the luxury auto maker over possible joint ventures . 
Park Tower General Counsel Matthew Mayer said the development team will have to review two additional lawsuits before putting up a $ 155 million letter of credit to cover condemnation costs . 
The Venice city council is battling plans to tap huge gas fields off the coast that it says will speed up the city 's slow sinking into its lagoon . 
Mr. Cockburn is a columnist for The Nation and LA Weekly . 
But out on Cobb Parkway , Ted Negas sees it differently . 
Ohbayashi cited industry publications crediting Howell , currently capitalized at $ 2.2 million , with receiving orders valued at $ 225 million in 1988 . 
But we 're not making as many { pyrotechnic devices } as we used to . 
Six months ago , government approval for an ANC rally was inconceivable . 
Intel Corp. , Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and National Semiconductor Corp. were all up and running yesterday , though many workers were forced to stay home because of damaged roadways ; others elected to take the day off . 
The results underscore Sears 's difficulties in implementing the `` everyday low pricing '' strategy that it adopted in March as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business . 
`` I 'm the guy who made him head of New York , head of the U.S. , president of North America , and recommended him { to Mr. Sorrell } as my successor . 
Judge Albert Green , in Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago , also recognized the suit , filed last May by Robert and Cynthia Langendorf , as a class action covering thousands of Irving customers . 
Integrated also said it expects to report a second-quarter loss wider than the earlier estimate of about $ 600 million . 
The whole idea of computer-integrated manufacturing , CIM , seems to be making a comeback after losing a little luster over the past couple of years when it became apparent that it was n't a panacea that would make U.S. plants more efficient and banish foreign competition . 
Las Vegas has seen nothing quite like it before . 
The name of the game is to move goods . 
This Toronto closed-end fund cut the annual dividend on its Class A common shares to one Canadian cent from 10 Canadian cents . 
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales . 
`` The Americans have left him without a way out . 
Today , trading in almost any commodity can be diverted from U.S. markets with just a few strokes of a keyboard . 
In any case , says Dr. Minna of the National Cancer Institute , `` We 're witnessing the discovery of one of the most important steps in the genesis of cancer . 
The latest quarter included an after-tax gain of $ 71 million from non-recurring items . 
That would give agencies `` less ability ... to fudge over things , '' he told reporters . 
Despite Mr. Sumita 's statements , it is the Finance Ministry , not the central bank , that makes policy decisions . 
In one ingenious recent example of a Newport Beach boiler room , prospective investors in Capital Trust Inc. were allegedly told that their investment in precious metals was insured against losses `` caused by employees due to dishonesty , destruction or disappearance , '' according to an indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles last month . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
The new candy bars , `` make an important contribution to our Nestle Foods commitment to this very important strategic unit , '' said C. Alan MacDonald , president of Nestle Foods in Purchase , N.Y . 
Some are even coming up with their own novel designs . 
The banking operation had a loss of $ 8.7 million in the second quarter , largely because of problem real-estate loans , while the insurance operations earned $ 884,000 . 
His hero signed photographs of the homer and diplomatically called Ralph Branca `` a very fine pitcher . '' 
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } . 
Mr. Lawson also dismissed the possibility of imposing direct credit controls on Britain 's financial system . 
All U.S. futures exchanges agree that these and other trading practices require proper regulation and supervision . 
Giovanni Agnelli & Co. announced a transaction that will strengthen its indirect control of Fiat S.p . A. and will admit Prince Karim Aga Khan as its first non-family shareholder . 
`` There is little or no integration of our work , quality is spotty , there is no single focus , '' Mr. Phillips complained to staffers in March , when the reorganization was announced . 
Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's fragrance , large-size women 's apparel and casual knitwear . 
Analysts expect that the two U.S. auto giants will move quickly to buy up 15 % stakes in Jaguar , setting up a potential bidding war for the prestigious Jaguar brand . 
Unit volume , or amount of products shipped , rose about 11 % in the international segment , with P&G continuing to win market share in Japan 's diaper and detergent markets . 
Earlier this year , Dataproducts had rejected a $ 15 a share offer from DPC , saying it was n't adequately financed . 
Both men were also relieved of their duties yesterday . 
`` Equipment orders on the domestic side were particularly strong in shipping and power utilities , '' said an agency official . 
The bank charged off $ 53 million in loans during the quarter . 
A problem , he adds , is that anesthetized brains are more resistant to magnetic stimulation than awake ones . 
Service Corp. International said it expects to report net income of 15 cents a share for the third quarter . 
Consumers may want to move their telephones a little closer to the TV set . 
Computer makers were scrambling to help customers recover from the disaster . 
A thin man in a gray suit looks up from a newspaper . 
10 billion yen of 6 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 101.225 to yield 6.056 % via IBJ International . 
Estimates suggest October 's figure may be even higher . 
`` It would be damaging to industry and to the financial sector in general , to say nothing of banks , if prudence does not guide the financing of leveraged transactions . '' 
A spokeswoman would n't comment on whether the company had talked with any potential buyers for the New Hartford , Conn. , unit , which had 1988 sales of about $ 75 million . 
Acting sometimes falls flat . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady said that Congress should grant the Securities and Exchange Commission the power to close the stock markets in periods of crisis . 
Two ironies intrude . 
There was `` selling pressure from everyone , '' said one trader . 
Also , most of the ramps connecting the city to its main link to the south , the 101 freeway , have been closed for repairs . 
`` If we do not integrate into this new world of interdependence , sooner or later we 're going to become victims of our own isolation , '' he says . 
Tomorrow , the Treasury will sell $ 10 billion of two-year notes . 
Corning Inc. posted a 38 % decline in third-quarter net income to $ 76.5 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 123.9 million , or $ 1.37 a share , a year earlier . 
About 200,000 East Germans marched in Leipzig and thousands more staged protests in three other cities in a fresh challenge to the Communist leadership to introduce democratic freedoms . 
Innocent bystanders often are the victims . 
The idea is to have money rolling over each year at prevailing interest rates . 
With support from the IRS , Manufacturers Hanover has filed suit asking Judge Abramson to subordinate Minpeco 's claim to those of Manufacturer Hanover and the IRS . 
The fund 's strategy is to sell when a stock appreciates 30 % over its cost . 
Dr. Vogelstein and a doctoral student , Eric Fearon , began months of tedious and often frustrating probing of the chromosomes searching for signs of genetic damage . 
And even without deals , Mr. Connolly figures the market would remain healthy . 
The man who wore out his shoes wandering around Guadalajara in 1958 , describing in his travel book `` Viaje a la Alcarria '' how he scrounged for food and stayed in squalid inns , now tours Spain in a Rolls-Royce . 
In the year-earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . 
But Mr. Lawrence says reported profit will be down in 1987 , 1988 and 1989 , though he declines to specify how steep the decline will be . 
Few telephone lines snapped . 
Carnival , for example , has already paid about $ 160 million of the total cost for Fantasy . 
And sometimes a reputable charity with a household name gets used and does n't even know it . 
Markets -- 
But it was the Quotron problems that had lingering effects . 
The IRA 's conception is murky . 
So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Tuesday , gold was quoted at $ 376.80 an ounce . 
Why the timidity ? 
`` There 's still a lot of pressure on rates in both rail and truck , '' said Gerard McCullough , lecturer in transportation at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities . 
A new Maryland law frees store owners of liability if a customer trips or otherwise gets hurt on the way to the restroom ... . 
They were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , which owns about 45 % of Delmed . 
Both Mr. Brown , the state 's most influential legislator , and Gov. Deukmejian favor a temporary sales tax increase -- should more money be needed than the state can raise from existing sources and the federal government . 
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said . 
B.A.T yesterday started its share buy-back . 
`` Estimates are based on the previous price of similar works sold at auction and current market conditions , and are not affected by any knowledge of who the potential buyer could be . '' 
K mart runs 2,200 K mart stores , primarily in leased facilities . 
Warner-Lambert Co . 
Taking into account nonrecurring gains and losses , Hachette 's group net income for the first six months of this year totaled 246.6 million francs , practically double the year-earlier figure of 124.5 million francs . 
In turmoil caused by the previous Friday 's plunge in New York stocks , the Nikkei marked a sharp 647.33-point fall Monday . 
In a brief filed with the Supreme Court last week , Mr. Pretl criticizes the appeal for raising `` abstract '' and `` theoretical '' legal issues , while jeopardizing the proposed reorganization and the settlement payments to claimants . 
But would n't it be more efficient and effective to supply such support to the stock market directly ? 
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said . 
Furthermore , Mr. Smith added , `` our contract with our pilots says that we will manage our fleet operations with their advice . 
The House Appropriations Committee approved a $ 2.85 billion aid package for the quake region , less than the $ 3.8 billion sought by California officials . 
Aside from working with Mr. Robinson on the American Express advertising account for about 11 years , Mr. Roman serves on several of the same charities and boards as Mr. Robinson . 
`` A lot of people are identifying a vote for representation as a vote against Fred Smith , '' says J.X. Gollich , a Tiger-turned-Federal pilot and union activist . 
Today , Aer Rianta is making a heap of money from its Soviet friendship . 
Francis Dang , 41 , is alleged to have been involved in cheating Drexel Burnham Lambert of up to 2.1 million Singapore dollars ( US$ 1.1 million ) by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the London Commodities Exchange and the International Petroleum Exchange . 
Volume was only 256.6 million shares , breaking the previous 1989 low of 276.8 million shares recorded Oct. 23 . 
Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business , Mr. Ousley said it sees good opportunities in systems integration . 
Mr. Andersson says he is confident that taking parts of the company public will help erase the `` conglomerate stigma '' that has held down Trelleborg 's share price . 
By contrast , Value Line said Georgia-Pacific `` is in a comparatively good position to deal with weakening paper markets , '' because its production is concentrated not in the Northwest but in the South , where it should be able to avoid some of the cost pressures from rising wood-chip prices . 
The company is highlighting more special deals in its advertising and stores , and it 's offering to defer finance charges on certain big-ticket items . 
The Fuji is a product of meticulous Japanese pomological engineering , which fostered it 50 years ago at a government research orchard . 
`` Some investors will tiptoe back in , '' says Richard Ross , a market research director for Elrick & Lavidge in Chicago . 
After two years of drought , it rained money in the stock-index futures markets yesterday . 
An options contract gives the holder the right to buy ( call ) or sell ( put ) a specific amount of stock , or in this case the value of a stock index , based on a predetermined price within a given time period . 
Revenues were $ 99.23 billion , up from $ 97.74 billion a year earlier . 
He said he expects U.S. interest rates to decline , dragging the dollar down to around 1.80 marks by the end of January after a short-lived dash to 1.87 marks by the end of November . 
Karen Nichols , senior associate at Michael Graves 's architecture firm in Princeton , N.J. , says : `` We 're really at the mercy of what the construction industry can and will do readily . '' 
He is putting money in Dress Barn , Circuit City Stores , Bruno 's , and Rubbermaid . 
Kirschner earned $ 376,000 on revenue of $ 14.5 million in the 1988 quarter . 
But New York City general obligation bonds came under selling pressure . 
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' '' 
Great Western Financial lost 1 1\/8 to 20 1\/2 on 1.6 million shares , Golden West Financial dropped 1 1\/4 to 28 1\/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
In presenting the study late last week , Dr. Warshaw estimated the cost of these types of disorders to business is substantial . 
One office had 19 people doing the work of three , `` and half of the employees had company automobiles . '' 
And after a decade of explosive job growth on Wall Street , a period of contraction is under way . 
The Tonawanda team determined that holdups for inspections were the main problem and identified which kinds of delays involved critical inspections and which were less critical or could be handled by workers already on the line . 
West Texas Intermediate , the U.S. benchmark crude , seemed tethered again yesterday in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
The business includes Beefeater gin . 
What 's more , the losses they and the others caused `` are just what we are stumbling over , '' says Mr. Stapf , adding that the majority of misdeeds probably go undetected . 
DPC said it could n't comment on the suit . 
In another sign of slowdown fears , investors dumped technology shares . 
The rest of the world accepted such methods when Japan was developing . 
For the nine months , the company expects to post a net loss of about $ 879,000 , or 35 cents to 40 cents a share , on revenue of $ 6.5 million . 
Per-share earnings are estimated at more than 40 cents , up from 22 cents for fiscal 1988 . 
Sixty percent of the fund will be invested in stocks , with the rest going into bonds or short-term investments . 
`` I think Ford is going to come out with full guns blazing , '' Mr. Reitman says . 
According to this theory , Warner executives , hoping to strengthen their relationships with the producers , encouraged Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters in their ambitions to build a major entertainment company . 
The gatherings in East Berlin and elsewhere were viewed as part of a government effort to stop activists from staging protests to press their demands . 
A group of United 's noncontract employees said in a statement , `` The fact that Wolf and other officers were going to line their pockets with literally millions of dollars while instituting severe pay cuts on the nonunion employees of United is not only deplorable but inexcusable . '' 
Clinton Gas Systems Inc. said it received a contract from Timken Co. , Canton , Ohio , to manage the natural gas purchasing , scheduling and transportation activities for Timken 's seven Ohio and two Pennsylvania plants . 
`` There were no { sell } lists and the calendar is lightening up a bit . 
`` They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now . '' 
But there were enough promoters announcing the end of history ( in this case suspension of normal laws of economic gravity ) for society to continue shielding its eyes . 
Under the initial proposal , for example , banks would have been required to disclose that portion of allowances for loan losses that reflects specific letters of credit for which customers had defaulted . 
We now know that the words were not always his own . 
He quotes one student saying , `` You 're just the kind of Jewboy we Southerners ca n't stand . 
In Europe , business suffered as Federal bought several local companies , only to have the managers quit . 
Management and labor worry that the gap makes U.S. companies less competitive . 
Its attendance is off 23 % from six years ago . 
Revenue rose to $ 9.03 billion from $ 8.98 billion . 
On just three big deals -- for four years of baseball and for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1992 and 1994 -- Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion . 
The metal products concern currently has 7.2 million common shares outstanding . 
According to Mr. Threlkeld , the bottleneck in copper production is n't at the mines but at the copper refineries . 
The Norfolk , Va. , company has 172.2 million shares outstanding . 
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn ( D. , Ga . ) and other Senate conferees have opposed the House cuts , stalling for almost two months action on a number of big-ticket items in the Pentagon 's budget . 
In 1988 , Kidder eked out a $ 46 million profit , mainly because of severe cost cutting . 
First Boston 's merchant banking risks mounted last month as highly leveraged Campeau Corp. , First Boston 's most lucrative client of the decade , was hit by a cash squeeze and the high-risk junk bond market tumbled . 
A statement from the council of cardinals said Catholics had responded generously to an appeal last year to give more money after 1987 's record $ 63 million deficit . 
Over dinners at New York 's Sky Club and Links Club restaurants , the steel executive and the big investor talked steel , international trade and thoroughbred horses . 
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net-profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp . 
Out on the streets , some residents of badly damaged buildings were allowed a 15-minute scavenger hunt through their possessions . 
The Oneida , N.Y. , maker of consumer , food-service and industrial products also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 cents a share , with the same payable and record dates . 
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments . 
But he reiterated the bank 's position that it is comfortable with the current level of $ 2.6 billion , covering about 30 % of the $ 8.9 billion of such loans outstanding . 
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS : 
It might even have saved the life , and business , of Israel Ortiz . 
These people invested in `` leveraged '' junk bond mutual funds , the publicly traded funds that make a habit of taking out loans to buy extra junk . 
A New York Stock Exchange arbitration panel ordered Dean Witter to pay $ 404,294 in back bonuses to William Kelly , the company 's former head of high-yield , high-risk junk-bond trading and sales . 
The Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office stressed criminal cases from 1980 to 1987 , averaging 43 for every 100,000 adults . 
For the U.S. to lend even the slightest support to the most infamous killers on Indochina 's bleak scene could only disturb America 's allies elsewhere . 
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc . 
The heightened competition will hit IBM at a difficult time . 
Insurers , such as Cigna Corp. , Transamerica Corp , and Aetna Life & Casualty Co. , buy reinsurance from other U.S.-based companies and Lloyd 's of London for one catastrophe at a time . 
Still , the list of troubled Drexel bond offerings dwarfs that of any firm on Wall Street , as does its successful offerings . 
REPORTS OF PAYMENTS to independent contractors for services must be filed by businesses , but do n't bet that contractors ' unreported income will be detected that way . 
Meanwhile , settlement negotiations continue between Mr. Hunt and the IRS , which has already reached a tentative agreement with Nelson Bunker Hunt . 
Under the Delaney clause , which applies to processed food , a chemical is banned if it causes cancer in laboratory animals . 
The report , released yesterday , comes as Congress is considering a number of special tax breaks only three years after the sweeping tax-revision legislation abolished or curtailed many loopholes . 
`` Just because we 've got some realism back in the market does n't mean it 's going lower from here , '' he says . 
1:20 a.m . 
Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales . 
Selling the presidency for a mess of pottage is not so much a devaluation from the norm of public life today as it is a reflection of the disintegration of public standards . 
He calls the contracts `` critical to winning in the NFL '' and has played his part in the bidding wars . 
The amendment would require the department to block the purchase of a major airline by anyone who has run two or more carriers that have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code . 
The move is part of a drive to increase Colgate 's business with dentists , a company spokeswoman said . 
The idea would be to administer to patients the growth-controlling proteins made by healthy versions of the damaged genes . 
The quarter net was below analyst expectations mainly because truck-parts sales did n't rebound in September from the summer doldrums as they usually do , said Patrick E. Sheridan , analyst with McDonald & Co . 
9.88 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
But to Hong Kong , China is n't purely business . 
So far , the victims are officially considered evil-doers , and their families receive no compensation . 
An unexpectedly sharp widening in the U.S. trade gap for August dragged the dollar lower Tuesday , but profit-taking on short positions helped the currency rebound to close mixed against major counterparts . 
The transaction is expected to close within about 20 days , the company added . 
But the compounded effects of `` seniors only '' taxes result in truly catastrophic marginal tax rates . 
Integrated will pump $ 3.5 million to $ 4 million into Royal Alliance as initial funding . 
So this year , the airlines are getting a jump on holiday discounts . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , the units closed at $ 15.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
Boise , Idaho-based Morrison had losses totaling $ 186 million over the two years ended in December , but it has surged back to profitability as a result of cost-cutting and shedding of unprofitable operations . 
Mr. Dell , meanwhile , concedes the company was `` definitely too optimistic '' in its expectations . 
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks . 
The DAX index closed at 1466.29 , up only 3.36 . 
`` This is a very personal , ethnic style , '' Mr. Carew says . `` 
Some supporters of Israel say U.S. policy on Palestinian terrorism is colored by an intense desire to maintain the dialogue with the PLO . 
The company also said the transaction would bolster after-tax earnings by $ 3.25 a share when completed and boost its primary capital ratio to 7 % from 6.63 % . 
Only 10 % of the 250 shippers polled expected their freight-transport costs to decrease , compared with 30 % who had looked to freight transport to reduce costs in past years . 
The constraints do n't bother the office 's 54-year-old manager , Erich Stromeyer . 
The owners meet again tomorrow . 
All the while , Ms. Bartlett had been busy at her assignment , serene in her sense of self-tilth . 
Other RJR issues fell between 1\/2 point and 1 1\/2 point . 
Many investors have nagging worries , however . 
Company officials say the flotations of the paper and British retailing businesses are likely only after the disposals of the U.S. retailing assets . 
The activity is enough to move some oil-service prices back up a little . 
He also backed a rule to require large traders to report transactions on a systematic basis . 
`` We found a market niche , '' Mr. Mills boasts . 
Ciba-Geigy intends to develop the Ciba Corning unit into a `` substantial business , '' making the unit an `` integral part '' of Ciba-Geigy 's `` comprehensive disease management concept . 
The public has a tendency to equate lawful demonstrations with non-violent civil disobedience . 
NATO defense ministers opened a two-day meeting in Portugal to assess the alliance 's nuclear-weapons needs amid reduced East-West tensions . 
This happens because the FAA does n't have any rules on duty time for flight attendants ; by contrast , it strictly restricts duty time for pilots and air traffic controllers , usually to a maximum of 10 consecutive hours . 
Net interest income in the third quarter edged up 1.4 % , to $ 317.7 million . 
He is now president of Eastate Homes Inc. , an Indianapolis contractor . 
Only now is it undergoing a badly needed facelift . 
And , while the mutinous Fed member has n't gone public , some Fed governors , most notably Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , are known to have disagreed with the chairman 's decision to remain silent . 
It also declined against the mark but did n't reach its intraday low of 1.8435 marks until two hours later . 
The OTC technology sector is far from a cohesive unit . 
In addition , activity at a number of San Francisco-based brokerage houses was curtailed as a result of the earthquake , which knocked out power lines and telephone service throughout the Bay area . 
`` Arby 's is n't for sale , '' said Renee Mottram , senior vice president at DWG . 
The Atlanta-based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . 
Sotheby 's is offering such deals because it 's an art sellers ' market , at least where the best works are concerned , says Ralph Lerner , an attorney and author of the book `` Art Law . '' 
Government lending was not intended to be a way to obfuscate spending figures , hide fraudulent activity , or provide large subsidies . 
Control Data mainframes are designed for numerically intensive computing users , such as the scientific , engineering and academic communities . 
It would make sense for somebody to do it . 
It 's tempting to think these defensive steps can be delayed until a recession is clearly at hand . 
Or he might have to incur a huge expense of either buying Mr. Icahn 's stock , possibly at a premium , or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of Mr. Icahn 's pressure . 
No longer . 
It has more sugar `` than any apple we 've ever tested , '' says Duane Greene , a University of Massachusetts pomologist , or apple scholar . 
Estimates of damage in the six-county San Francisco Bay area neared $ 5 billion , excluding the cost of repairing the region 's transportation system . 
The survey reported the number of people who said they bowl regularly has fallen to just 8 % from 17 % in 1981 . 
This perhaps was perceived as a `` bold '' stance , and thus suspicious . 
With all that going for them , global flexible portfolio funds declined only 1.07 % in the week through last Thursday . 
The Chinese were among 3,372 boat people supposedly from Vietnam who arrived in Japan this year , compared with 219 for all of 1988 , the official said . 
The Asset Privatization Trust , the agency chiefly responsible for selling government-held properties , has recorded sales of more than $ 500 million since it began functioning in December 1986 . 
AGIP , the state-owned energy giant , made the announcement about the gas field last month . 
But no matter how much Japan gets under our skin , we 'll still have mom and apple pie . 
There 's a certain irony in the fact that Federal Express faces its first union problems as a result of its Tiger purchase . 
Amoco Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 39 % to $ 336 million , or 65 cents a share , as gasoline refining and marketing profits lagged substantially behind last year 's record level . 
According to Mr. Laband , `` screaming '' for price controls occurs when income redistribution `` threatens to hit home . '' 
It recently reported assets of $ 2.4 billion and liabilities of $ 4 billion . 
Revenue jumped 22 % to $ 7.89 billion from $ 6.46 billion . 
Tokyo stocks closed higher in moderately active but directionless trading as the recent anxiety in world stock markets continued to fade . 
Lebanon 's Gen. Aoun placed Christian military forces on alert in case of renewed fighting with Syrian-backed Moslems after Lebanon 's two main Shiite militias rejected an Arab-sponsored peace accord . 
`` But call her ` Patty , ' and it 's a sure giveaway you 're not in her circle , because she does n't use that name , '' says Joan Kron , editor-in-chief of Avenue magazine , a monthly publication sent to all the right names . 
Secretary of State Baker , in his first major arms-control speech , called for a new military relationship with Moscow to reduce `` first strike '' nuclear arms . 
Net fell 1 % to 3.23 billion yen from 3.26 billion yen . 
To guarantee that Mexicana de Aviacion and other companies will really be privatized , Mexico needs a pluri-party political system that will ensure democracy and hence accountability . 
The information on 125 metropolitan markets is supplied by retailers such as Sears , Roebuck & Co. and K mart Corp. as well as closely held concerns such as R.H. Macy & Co . 
` When the quake hit , we turned on our emergency generator and brought our computers up , '' he says . 
Accordingly , the hidebound traditionalist reconstructed hypothetical organisms from the Burgess fossils in such a way that they could be shoehorned into familiar categories . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Mr. Lorenzo made no mention of creditors ' negative response to his plan . 
`` It 's unlikely extracting the gas will cause subsidence , '' says a spokeswoman . 
As a result , Mr. Mengistu has been forced to transfer thousands of troops from Eritrea just to hold the town , thereby risking the loss of even more territory in Eritrea only to keep the Tigreans at bay . 
But even though companies are paying more taxes , many are still paying less than the statutory rate , the report said . 
`` I do n't think ( the reorganization is ) going to happen . '' 
When things are quiet ( low volatility ) , the structures on which markets stand can be relatively inefficient and still perform their functions adequately . 
If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year . 
Management advised employees Friday that it was going to reduce employment in production operations of the group by 8 % , or 400 people . 
While the book amply justifies its subtitle , the title itself is dubious . 
GAP Inc. , San Bruno , clothing retailer , annual sales of $ 1.25 billion , NYSE , expects most of its stores to return to full operation and all 2,500 of its Bay-area workers to be back at work by today . 
`` Whatever you tried to change , whether it was cutting costs or attracting new partners , the big obstacle was the old union leadership , '' says oil consultant George Baker . 
Remember , though , that beta also has important limitations . 
Control Data 's third-party maintenance unit services products primarily made by Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp . 
A pitched battle could mean Jaguar would fetch # 10 ( $ 16.02 ) a share , or about # 1.8 billion ( $ 2.88 billion ) , several analysts believe . 
But both sides appear to be more willing now to meet each other 's terms to resolve the issue . 
Critics also say American companies charge too much . 
The decision to accept Credit Agricole 's bid , valued at 283.3 billion lire ( $ 207.4 million ) , came after a stormy weekend meeting . 
`` I 'm happy that he feels positively about our company , '' he said . 
The luxury airline and casino company , 98.6%-owned by investor Kirk Kerkorian and his Tracinda Corp. , earlier this month announced its agreements to acquire the properties , but did n't disclose the purchase price . 
The new commissioner says that closer scrutiny of how the agency uses its resources will go a long way toward enhancing its ability to collect more tax revenue . 
He said ours is supposed to be `` a government of laws not of men , '' and yet RICO defenders `` tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial discretion to protect against overbreadth of RICO . '' 
For the third quarter , net rose to $ 242 million , or $ 1.05 a share , from $ 144 million , or 63 cents a share . 
On the prospect for rebuilding northern California , investors bid up cement-makers Calmat Co. , up $ 2.75 to $ 28.75 , and Lone Star Industries Inc. , up $ 1.75 to $ 29.25 . 
J.C. Penney Co. , which relocated from New York to suburban Dallas two years ago , gently wraps itself in Texas pride through a full-page magazine ad : `` Taking the long-range view to conserve what is of value to future generations is part of the Lone Star lifestyle , '' the ad reads . 
For creating a focus for neighborhood life . 
`` We had a management breakdown in 1987 in terms of compliance , '' Mr. Thompson says . 
It said Qintex Entertainment owes Qintex Australia US$ 38.1 million in loans not secured by specific assets . 
Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter , some industry officials say , but they believe chemical margins could worsen . 
`` The ( paper ) loss here is very small '' for these sub-underwriters , observed John Nelson , a Lazard managing director . 
It also would create a new individual retirement account that would shield from taxation the appreciation on investments made for a wide variety of purposes , including retirement , medical expenses , first-home purchases and tuition . 
In Western , market-driven countries , recessions often have a bright side : prodding the economy to greater efficiency . 
One week 's performance should n't be the basis for any investment decision . 
The food company , which has 720,000 warrants and about 2.9 million common shares outstanding , said it may increase the offer to purchase any or all warrants that are properly tendered . 
He is also trying to get more stations in Mexico , where the Cowboys have a following , to pick up the games . 
Mr. Bennett declared in April that he would make Washington a `` test case '' for how the Bush administration would aid cities afflicted by heavy drug trafficking and violence . 
Even some House Banking Committee members could suffer from the fallout . 
Mr. Thompson is n't bereft of experience with new products , however . 
The giant foods , tobacco and brewing company said it will issue common-share purchase rights to shareholders of record Nov. 8 . 
B.A.T shares rose 29 pence to 783 pence on London 's stock exchange yesterday . 
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb . 
Wrong . 
He still has 1,143 shares , according to SEC files . 
Mr. Webster cites a four-page mailing from the United Cancer Council that offers a chance to win $ 5,000 in gold bullion to those giving as little as $ 5 to cancer education . 
According to the NHTSA , the new regulations will prohibit anyone other than an importer that has registered with the U.S. government , or a person who has a contract with a registered importer , from permanently importing a vehicle that does n't meet the U.S. auto safety standards . 
This argument plays well in the atmosphere of gaming and mistrust permeating the Pentagon and Congress , and unfortunately , there is some truth to it . 
He promises that Nissan will soon establish a holding company overseeing all U.S. operations , just as it 's doing in Europe . 
Ford may seek all of Jaguar , setting the stage for a possible bidding war with GM . 
`` It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about the most basic workings of cancer , '' says Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute . 
The seasonal adjusted annual selling rate was six million vehicles , a small improvement from the 5.8 million rate of early October , but a big drop from the 7.1 million rate a year ago . 
But how sweet it is . 
Reaching for that extra bit of yield can be a big mistake -- especially if you do n't understand what you 're investing in . 
The new manager will face the daunting task of leasing 1.8 million square feet in a relatively soft Chicago real estate market . 
They build extended minivans and the Dodge Spirit , Acclaim , Shadow and Sundance . 
`` I think it was something that we and they thought was constructive , '' said Stephen D. Weinroth , chairman and co-chief executive officer of Integrated . 
The West Germans then took over and finally found Markus Hess . 
Apogee said a subcontractor had severe cost overruns and was unable to fulfill the contract terms on its own , making it necessary for Apogee to advance cash to ensure completion of the project . 
The group has been discussing a proposal valued in a range of $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion . 
Mr. Inouye , who chairs the select committee on Indian Affairs , used his power to move $ 400,000 from the Air Force to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to assist in renovating a decommissoned base to accommodate a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center . 
Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , the noncallable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Investor Robert M. Gintel , who owns a 4.7 % stake in the company , said he plans a proxy fight for control of its board . 
If the judge is impeached , as is thought likely , he will be removed from office immediately . 
The West German chemical concern called the moves a further step in the internationalization of its business activities . 
He later defended the Chinese government 's response during a separate visit to West Germany . 
Mobil , which said it plans to cut its exploration and production work force by about 8 % in a restructuring , dropped 5\/8 to 56 1\/8 . 
Like Hollywood 's Ghostbusters , Kentucky 's stand ready to roll when haunts get out of hand . 
Mr. Fabi would n't say directly whether Mr. Pattison has disclosed potential terms for his planned bid for control . 
The average one-year savings-type CD was down to 7.99 % from 8.01 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service that tracks CD yields . 
And prosecutors declined to comment . 
They are telling us that { 8 3\/4 % } is as low as they want to see the fed funds rate , '' said Robert Chandross at Lloyds Bank PLC . 
The conversation was taped by federal investigators in what Mr. Lang said was an effort to get Mr. Lorin to implicate Mr. Laff . 
He said Rorer sold the drugs for `` nice prices '' and will record a combined , pretax gain on the sales of $ 20 million . 
Monday and Tuesday `` were lackluster in comparison , '' he said . 
Slick graphics , pre-tested for effectiveness , also play a major role in Litigation Sciences ' operation . 
In the first quarter of 1988 , the company earned $ 10 million , or 94 cents a share . 
Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial `` setup '' charges -- but I figure that the lack of commission and of `` surrender fees '' for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot . 
Today 's presses are large and costly machines , and a few orders can produce a high total for one month that does n't necessarily indicate a trend . 
Earlier this month the company said its board approved a proposed management-led leveraged buy-out at $ 25.50 a share , or $ 750 million . 
Only 58 % of Americans now believe that foreign cars get better gas mileage than domestic models , the Journal survey found , down from 68 % in 1987 . 
Another provision clarifies certain limits on when prosecutors may use tax-fraud charges as a basis for bringing a racketeering case . 
COKE ADS : 
`` We need a Western Ostpolitik , '' says John Roper , of the Royal Institute of International Affairs in London , referring to West Germany 's longstanding policy of a diplomatic opening to the East . 
It is this kind of dignity and restraint that allows Stevens to declare : `` For all its sad associations , whenever I recall that evening today , I find I do so with a large sense of triumph . '' 
OUSTED EXECUTIVES over 50 years old take slightly less time than their younger colleagues to find a job -- 3.23 months vs. 3.26 for the juniors -- outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas finds . 
The opinion is largely based on the company 's earnings momentum , Mr. Hallingby says . 
Capcom Futures , while neither admitting nor denying the Merc charges , said in a statement that the Merc charges were `` technical in nature '' and that `` no customers were hurt '' as a result of the violations cited by the Merc . 
He 's totally geared to a punitive position . '' 
Thus , subsidized loans tend to turn into giveaway programs , with increasing subsidy and default rates over time . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a three-year contract valued at more than $ 15 million to provide network , credit-card and other telecommunications services to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The rapid recovery continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and only minor loan losses . 
Another hurdle concerns Japan 's attempts to persuade the Soviet Union to relinquish its post-World War II control of four islands north of Japan . 
But the administration has dropped any effort to win military aid for the rebels . 
Even if the banks resurrect a financing package at $ 250 a share , the two executives would still get about $ 25 million less than they stood to gain in the initial transaction . 
Goodson also announced that it hired the former president and senior vice president of Ingersoll to run the Goodson papers . 
They asked regulators to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with anti-discrimination laws . 
The authority will issue a total of $ 446.5 million of pollution-control revenue bonds . 
Trade and Supply Minister Gerhard Briksa said in a letter published in the youth daily Junge Welt that the rise in alcohol consumption in East Germany had been halted ; but to reduce it further , he said , production and supply of other beverages , including fruit juices , should be stepped up . 
The Polish rat will eat well this winter . 
In a telephone interview Friday , Dr. Toseland said the number of sudden , unexplained deaths of diabetics he had seen this year was 17 compared with just two in 1985 . 
Officials for the other named companies did n't return telephone calls seeking comment . 
Baron Elie de Rothschild , the family 's elder spokesman , explains that by the end of the 19th century , Berlin had replaced Frankfurt as Germany 's financial center . 
Tolstoy 's characters eat , Pushkin 's , Gogol 's . '' 
`` It felt like I was on a station platform and a train went by , '' said one man , describing my own reaction . 
At the same time , moves toward tighter air-quality standards are spurring interest in lighter or alternative fuels that do n't pollute as much as fuel refined from `` heavy '' crudes , generally high in sulfur . 
Control Data , based in Minneapolis , Minn. , expects its sales of Mips systems , including the new RC6280 , to amount to more than $ 100 million by the end of 1991 , Mips said . 
American Medical International Inc. said it has n't received any other offers to acquire the owner and operator of hospitals , and took another step toward completion of its $ 3 billion acquisition by IMA Holdings Corp . 
Some companies are cutting costs and hoping for the best . 
The Canadian government introduced in the House of Commons legislation to extend federal regulatory authority over provincial government-owned telephone utilities in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba . 
Esso , a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp. , will be allowed to export 5.1 trillion cubic feet to the U.S. in the 20-year period . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % , while the rate on six-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.47 % for a yield of 7.85 % . 
ESPs are also an attempt by the Big Board to head off the exodus of program trading business to overseas markets such as London . 
Most of those markets had rebounded the day before from Monday 's slide . 
Now the best of them age as gracefully as Grannies , the industry 's gold standard for storability . 
Ogilvy & Mather in Chicago , a unit of WPP Group PLC , will handle the advertising account and syndication . 
`` I do n't think most of the people that have been around me would ever say they 've seen me pound the table or get angry . '' 
It also charges that Imperial , the holding company for Imperial Savings & Loan , experienced major losses and writedowns because of improper assessment of the risks of junk-bond investments and wholesale consumer loan packages . 
`` If there is any support for reducing the bill , it is conditioned on their desire to see them passed in another form . '' 
The $ 20,000 tax would be a small cost in a multibillion-dollar deal , but a serious drag on thousands of small , friendly deals . 
PWA said two of the Boeing 767-300ER aircraft scheduled for delivery in 1990 would be leased out for two to five years . 
At issue is the deductibility of certain junk bonds that are used in most LBOs . 
Now the question is : Is Poland ready for it ? 
`` My belief is always , if you 've got a settlement , you read it into the record . '' says Judge Jenkins , now known in his courthouse as `` Shake 'Em Down Jenkins . '' 
On the campaign stump , he often points out that he was the only Board of Estimate member to vote against a controversial real-estate project at Manhattan 's Columbus Circle . 
An agreement with Drexel regarding the limited partners ' investments is an essential step toward getting their money back . 
What is driving Dentsu 's international expansion largely is the need to keep up with its Japanese clients as they grow in the U.S. and Europe . 
But the last stock market boom , in 1986 , seems small compared with the current rush to market . 
The trust then issues securities -- generally due in five years or less -- that are underwritten by Wall Street brokerage firms and offered to investors . 
In early trading in Tokyo Tuesday , the Nikkei index rose 35.28 points to 35452.72 . 
This letter was inspired by David Asman 's Sept. 25 editorial-page article about Fidel Castro , `` Man in the Middle of Drug Trafficking . '' 
As for gold , she notes that it usually rises when the dollar is weak , as it has been lately . 
Francis M. Wheat , a former Securities and Exchange Commission member , headed the panel that had studied the issues for a year and proposed the FASB on March 30 , 1972 . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. , a General Electric Co. unit that has become the biggest program trader along with Morgan Stanley , is n't a market maker , although the Big Board hopes that will change . 
Earlier this month IMA , an investment group that includes Chicago 's Pritzker family and First Boston Corp. , submitted a reduced bid for American Medical after it could n't finance its initial offer . 
Mr. Kaplan , author of `` Surrender or Starve : The Wars Behind the Famine '' ( Westview Press , 1988 ) , lives in Lisbon . 
Gradually , however , lower courts and prosecutors have pushed this definition to its breaking point . 
Now the ambivalent middle , a moral majority of sorts , is reasserting itself . 
Enforcers pay special attention to operators using sweepstakes prizes as an additional inducement to give . 
But many proponents of Filipino see resistance to the language finally crumbling . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. has delayed Grand Union Co. 's $ 1.16 billion junk-bond offering while it restructures the transaction . 
`` It 's hard to get the administration 's attention on anything , '' said Rep. Bill Frenzel ( R. , Minn. ) , `` because the whole agreement was built on gimmickry . '' 
Pacific Telesis said new telephone lines increased 4.5 % for a total of about $ 13.5 million for the quarter ; toll calls increased 9.6 % to 807 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion . 
Major steel producers are selling cold rolled sheet steel at about $ 370 a ton , compared with a peak price of $ 520 a ton in 1988 . 
The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , a surprising choice , but given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee . 
Philadelphia-based Bell Atlantic said net rose 6.5 % , aided by strong growth in the network-services business and an increase in the number of new telephone lines . 
Mercedes officials said they expect flat sales next year even though they see the U.S. luxury-car market expanding slightly . 
Nippon Signal Co . ( Japan ) -- 80 million marks of bonds with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/2 % coupon , due Nov. 9 , 1994 , and priced at par , via Commerzbank . 
But as legislative action , they would carry greater weight and would be more difficult to rescind . 
At the start of trading last Wednesday , the average appeared to plunge more than 200 points . 
`` And you ca n't cut this chain with bolt cutters . 
Many a piglet wo n't be born as a result , and many a ham will never hang in a butcher shop . 
There are only two large puppets in the program : Pong Pagong and a monkey named Kiko Matsing . 
Domestic orders were up a real 11 % and a nominal 14 % , while foreign orders rose a real 1 % and a nominal 5 % . 
`` There is incredible negative psychology building in the market , '' said Donna Avedisian , a vice president at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
The places renowned for breeding bunco , like the Miami neighborhood known as the `` Maggot Mile '' and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos , invariably offer fast cars , high rollers , glamorous women and lots of sunshine . 
She said the company could pay as much as 25 % more for the ships . 
He also improved the firm 's compliance procedures for trading . 
She said the market hit the $ 1.18 level at around 10 a.m. EDT where it encountered a large number of stop-loss orders . 
Stung by higher marketing costs and slowing volume growth , the giant Coke bottling operation said net fell to $ 12.7 million , or six cents a share , from $ 39.9 million , or 26 cents a share , the year earlier . 
The rigid Ivy League customer , Brooks Brothers ' bread and butter , meanwhile is becoming extinct . 
Either copy can make the proteins needed to control cell growth , so for cancer to arise , both copies must be impaired . 
South Africa 's government said peaceful demonstrations such as the anti-apartheid rally Sunday near Soweto have helped ease tensions and assisted political changes . 
On Wall Street , takeover stock traders bid Nekoosa 's stock well above the Georgia-Pacific bid , assuming that Nekoosa 's will either be sold to a rival bidder or to Georgia-Pacific at a higher price -- as much as $ 75 a share , according to some estimates . 
Little money has been returned to upgrade Pemex 's aging facilities . 
`` You could say she survived , but it was n't easy on her . '' 
The Babelists of the United Nations are experts at obfuscation . 
Banks that adjusted payouts on CDs in the most recent week made only fractional moves , he said . 
Theoretically , the brokers will then be able to funnel `` leads '' on corporate finance opportunities to Kidder 's investment bankers , possibly easing the longstanding tension between the two camps . 
Democrats want to avoid having to make that choice by making the capital-gains tax cut an individual bill . 
The humanitarian assistance , which pays for supplies such as food and clothing for the rebels amassed along the Nicaraguan border with Honduras , replaced the military aid cut off by Congress in February 1988 . 
Norton and Texas Eastern had each held a 50 % stake in Eastman in a joint venture . 
The stock tumbled 2 3\/4 on news that it might have to take a charge against earnings if it ca n't successfully resolve a dispute with its European licensee , Boehringer Mannheim , over its anti-anemia drug , EPO . 
Mr. Florio 's forcefulness on the abortion issue after the Webster ruling divides some of his old constituency . 
ONEZIE : 
He is currently experiencing what it 's like to have the phrase , `` under investigation for scientific fraud , '' also attached to his name . 
More than 1,000 Muscovites attended the service . 
Phillip Brannon of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets added : `` You do n't want to minimize this and say nobody is looking at it . 
`` That 's the biggest risk of all -- the risk of not meeting your objectives , '' says Steven B. Enright , a New York financial planner with Seidman Financial Services . 
Bankers Trust New York Corp. won permission from the Federal Reserve Board to move the company 's private placement department to its fledgling securities subsidiary . 
According to several people present at the meeting , Mr. Gorbachev also supported the idea of concluding several commercial accords with the U.S. , possibly at his next summit meeting with President Bush . 
The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . 
`` He 's got to get Dinkins 's negatives up , '' says Lee Miringoff , director of the Marist College Institute of Public Opinion . 
That effect holds true for both short-term and long-term bonds . 
Stop-loss orders are placed previously with instructions to execute them if the market hits a predetermined price . 
Michael Foods has attracted a good many short-sellers , the people who sell borrowed shares in a bet that a stock price will drop and allow the return of cheaper shares to the lender . 
Thus far , almost all of the basic technology relating to high-definition television has come from U.S. laboratories . 
As Conservatives rally around Mrs. Thatcher during the crisis , many harbor hopes last week 's debacle will prompt change . 
Their `` secret '' is that they gather a small group of advisers around them , listen to what they have to say , prepare a business plan and they are on their way . 
Yet clearly , modernization must embrace its key industries before it can be said to have caught the `` privatization bug . '' 
Those days are gone . 
For those who do n't need their personalized information moment by moment , some services are offering overnight newsletters . 
The Illinois Legislature narrowly passed a parental-leave bill , which Gov. James Thompson vetoed , and Iowa and Tennessee amended laws to require that employers pay for breast-cancer exams . 
They 're very friendly . '' 
At the most there is only nine months before the LDP fuse burns out . 
Denton Harris 
Conner 's performance is closely tied to the burgeoning demand for battery-operated computers , the computer industry 's fastest-growing segment . 
Surely there is someone in the administration , maybe Bob Gates , who could explain them to college students , or even schoolchildren . 
The consumer-products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago . 
He previously held posts of senior vice president of compliance and senior vice president and general counsel . 
While Shearson does n't do computer-guided program trading for its own account , the firm does execute orders for clients involved in the buying and selling of shares tied to movements in certain stock indexes , Mr. DaPuzzo acknowledged . 
Most of the cases have been in California , where one agent was stabbed and another was shot and killed . 
They grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less allegiance so far . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.81 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
What 's more , he said , `` transactions are taking a much longer time to conclude and many fall apart for lack of financing '' and more stringent scrutiny by state courts . 
The transaction called for Mr. Murdoch 's News International PLC , a unit of Australia-based News Corp. , to subscribe to a rights issue by Zeta valued at 6.65 billion pesetas ( $ 57 million ) . 
Business : Airline 
These huge stock-index funds build portfolios that match the S&P 500 stock index or other stock indexes , and frequently swap between stocks and futures to capture profits . 
For the year , sales were up 5.6 % to $ 6.97 billion compared with $ 6.61 billion in fiscal 1988 . 
Strong profit in the process industries , including chemical and pulp and paper , were offset by higher interest expense and by lower earnings as the company closed out certain long-term contracts . 
The monetary tax benefit of indexation for all gains in excess of inflation can be measured using the following equation : tax rate , times inflation rate , times basis for the gain . 
Janice Duclos , in addition to possessing one of the evening 's more impressive vocal instruments , brings an unsuspected comedic touch to her role of Olga , everybody 's favorite mom . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
The finding riveted medicine . 
Simulated golf games , in which players hit golf balls into nets , have been installed at airports in Denver and Pittsburgh ... . 
The loss was largely due to a $ 55.2 million addition to reserves . 
The 13-week and 27-week bills will be issued tomorrow rather than Thursday , Nov. 2 , as originally planned . 
Two new Remics totaling $ 900 million were announced by Freddie Mac yesterday . 
`` We 're all a little greedy . 
In one of the most sweeping environmental regulatory efforts to date -- involving products with an annual value of $ 135 billion in the U.S. alone -- the signatories agreed to curtail sharply the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) . 
For a few days at least , he says , no pictures or drawings of any kind will adorn the columns . 
Though Ms. Pfeiffer has the flashy part -- she gets the best comic bits and to wear glamorous dresses and spiked heels the boys are pretty great , too . 
If convicted , he could be imprisoned for up to 10 years and fined $ 250,000 . 
`` Along with these factors , other economic reports suggest a slowing of the economy , which could mean reduced copper usage , '' he said . 
A C$ 30-a-share bid by Ciba-Geigy Ltd. , a pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , and California-based Chiron Corp. , a bioresearch concern , was extended to Nov. 16 . 
The office , an arm of the Treasury , said it does n't have data on the financial position of applicants and thus ca n't determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
One cell was teased out , and its DNA extracted . 
Digital Equipment 's profit fell 32 % in the latest quarter , prompting forecasts of weaker results ahead . 
Revenue was $ 41.2 million , up from $ 27.5 million . 
Bethlehem Steel 's profit plunged 54 % in the third quarter , hurt by higher costs and lower shipments to key clients . 
Impetus for the direct-seller project came from a congressional hearing some years back . 
The complex regulation , known in the industry as Order 500 , has been hotly contested by all sides , including natural-gas producers , pipelines , local distribution companies and consumers . 
Would Mr. Laband also suggest that the Red Cross , Salvation Army , military units , police , fire departments , rescue units and individual citizens cease their efforts to assist Hugo 's victims because they interfere with his concept of the `` free market '' ? 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. , fretting about increasing competitive pressure on Ryder , placed about $ 2.8 billion in company securities under review for possible downgrade . 
Mr. Revson , the gossip columnist , says there are people who actually plan whose names they are going to drop before attending a party . 
Humana Inc. said it expects to receive about $ 27 million in federal income-tax refunds and interest from a court ruling on a tax dispute . 
Procter & Gamble Co. , Cincinnati , expanding its presence in the food service market , said it acquired Maryland Club Foods , a coffee supplier , from an investor group led by F. Philip Handy of Winter Park , Fla . 
He is sitting in his living room , beneath a huge portrait of his late father , Hendrik F. Verwoerd , apartheid 's architect and South African prime minister from 1958 to 1966 . 
But investigators could confirm their theory only after the recent retrieval of a big chunk of Flight 232 's tail engine from a cornfield near the Sioux City Airport in Iowa . 
Psychologists say isolated people who do n't discuss their investments with others are particularly at risk for fraud . 
Time is expected to mount a legal challenge in U.S. District Court in New York , where Viacom in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit charging Time and HBO with monopolizing the pay-TV business and trying to crush competition from Showtime . 
Suppression of the book , Judge Oakes observed , would operate as a prior restraint and thus involve the First Amendment . 
China frequently lambastes the U.S. Embassy for harboring astrophysicist Fang Lizhi , a political dissident who took refuge there after the massacre . 
`` I 'd love it if my daughter had something else to do here , '' says Ms. Cokely , watching seven-year-old Kristin on the water slide at the Strip 's Wet 'n' Wild water park . 
It will go for work ranging from refinery modification to changes in the distribution system , including the way service stations pump fuel into cars . 
Although overall revenues were stronger , Mr. Schulman said , DEC `` drew down its European backlog '' and had flat world-wide orders overall . 
A `` big chunk '' of that additional spending came in the third quarter , he said . 
Those hearings also highlighted how Gen. Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him , and to exploit the administration 's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing . 
The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . 
To strengthen its capital base , Banco Exterior this year issued $ 105 million in subordinated debt , launched two rights issues and sold stock held in its treasury to small investors . 
Thus , it remains crucial for RJR to obtain top dollar for its smaller assets like the candy brands . 
He gets better reviews as a creative whiz , an enthusiast , an idea man . 
Can Sihanouk and Hun Sen knock off the Khmer Rouge still supported by China ? 
Florida National Banks of Fla. slid 1 1\/8 to 24 3\/4 . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , LIN rose 50 cents , to $ 109.25 . 
He added the airline is n't committed to going forward with any new bid , and has n't participated in bankers ' efforts to revive the transaction that collapsed . 
Analysts agree there is little holding sterling firm at the moment other than Mr. Lawson 's promise that rates will be pushed higher if necessary . 
`` The public is very close to having had it , '' Mr. Jenks says . 
Investor focus shifted quickly , traders said . 
Friday 's stock market plunge claimed its second victim among the scores of futures and options trading firms here . 
Instead , they figure the culprit probably took money from Ms. Shere 's wallet and discarded all the tips in the five-by-eight-inch looseleaf . 
Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas says it has n't had any problem recruiting , even after a nurse contracted the virus while injecting an AIDS patient . 
GM confirmed it received U.S. antitrust clearance to boost its holding . 
David D. Lung was appointed president and chief operating officer of this maker of building materials for manufactured homes and recreational vehicles . 
However , Tesoro , based in Houston , already has rejected a suitor in the past year . 
He added that `` there 's no quick-fix solution '' to the economic woes , and said `` tight monetary policy is the right approach . '' 
Deeply ingrained in both the book review `` Kissing Nature Good-bye '' by Stephen MacDonald ( Leisure & Arts , Sept. 27 ) and the books reviewed is the assumption that global warming is entirely a result of human activity . 
Sunday and Monday , Nov. 5 and 6 , 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC : `` Cross of Fire . '' 
Revenue was $ 4.75 billion , up 6 % from $ 4.49 billion . 
HONECKER WAS OUSTED as leader of East Germany amid growing unrest . 
`` The others will probably be delivered as well , but Carnival will likely have to pay a higher price for them . '' 
However , Raymond C. Kurzweil , chairman and chief executive , said `` The company continues to require additional funding to realize the potential of its technology . '' 
And although criticism of futures generally comes from Wall Street , one Chicago futures trader notes that brokerage firms rely on futures as hedging tools when they buy and sell big blocks of stocks from institutions . 
Runways at San Francisco were n't damaged , but traffic was being limited yesterday to 27 arrivals and 27 departures an hour -- down from 33 to 45 an hour normally -- mainly because the noise level in the control tower was overwhelming without the windows , an FAA spokeswoman said . 
Block 's tax-preparation business is mature , they say , and some of its diversifications are facing tough competition . 
He paid an immense fine and was lucky , according to a local wag , to escape the gas chamber . 
Rafael Carrion Jr. , chairman of Banco Popular , will be the chairman of the holding company . 
In a forward-rate agreement , a client agrees to an exchange rate on a future currency transaction . 
`` You want to know how a fund did when the market got hammered , '' said Kurt Brouwer , an investment adviser with Brouwer & Janachowski in San Francisco . 
Fannie Mae also said James A. Aliber , chairman of First Federal of Michigan and a director since 1985 , moved up the date of his retirement from the board to accommodate Mr. Johnson 's election as a director . 
Last year , there was an issue of `` death-backed bonds '' -- securities backed by loans to life-insurance policyholders . 
Revenue was C$ 291.6 million , up from C$ 252 million in 1988 . 
Conservatives have an important decision to make this fall . 
Unlike most loans to China , there was no Chinese guarantor . 
With a leveraged position of about 45 % , the fund 's share price has plunged 28.5 % so far this year . 
The Washington , D.C. , think tank recommends that the courts adopt different `` tracks '' for different types of civil cases in order to separate the handling of highly complex suits from simpler ones . 
Apogee Robotics Inc. said its board extended until Feb. 1 the exercise period of Apogee 's existing stock purchase warrants outstanding . 
The country was renamed the Republic of Hungary . 
Amstrad PLC , a British maker of computer hardware and communications equipment , posted a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
That , he said , is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business : It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to . 
Mr. Mahfouz has been pilloried and censored for questioning Islam and advocating peace with Israel . 
The agency 's three California offices , previously called AC&R\/CCL Advertising , will now be called AC&R Advertising to match the name of its New York office . 
Third-period sales were $ 2.49 billion , up from last year 's $ 2.34 billion . 
In 1985 , China had a record deficit of $ 11.4 billion . 
`` I 'm surprised we did n't see more volatility '' in stocks , said Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker . 
TRW Inc. reported a 12 % decline in third-quarter net income , but the company said that excluding unusual gains in both quarters , operating profit rose 16 % . 
`` The { National Energy Board } approval of the exports just waved the starting flag for the next stage , the rush to build facilities to transport the gas , '' said Bill Koerner , an analyst with Brady & Berliner , a Washington , D.C. , law firm . 
Witnesses often must travel long distances to give face-to-face depositions before lawyers and court reporters . 
`` Either he was n't being real in the past , or he is n't being real right now , '' says a 30-year-old East German doctor . 
The estimated $ 40 million from the new pre-merger notification fee would be divided between the Justice Department 's Antitrust Division and the Federal Trade Commission , which both face serious cuts if the income is n't realized . 
The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture the petrochemicals propylene and ethylene and their resin derivatives , polypropylene and polyethylene . 
So many companies are investing in high-tech machinery that Fanuc Ltd. , a robot maker , also had to build a new plant . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 1989 and Wednesday October 4 , 1989 . 
Their compounding effect is also alluring . 
The ads are just the latest evidence of how television advertising is getting faster on the draw . 
`` It 's the idea that what goes in easy can come out easy '' -- so that bouts of higher volatility get built into the stock market . 
Unilever wo n't comment ; Schering , however , denies the brand is for sale . 
Mr. Lorin , a stock promoter , pleaded guilty to the stock-manipulation charges in April and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation of Mr. Laff . 
The carpet division had 1988 sales of $ 368.3 million , or almost 14 % of Armstrong 's $ 2.68 billion total revenue . 
Warner Communications Inc. and Sony Corp. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters , but continued to level strong accusations at each other in legal documents . 
Exports declined for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
It lets victims elect to deduct casualty losses on either 1989 or amended 1988 returns , whichever offers the larger tax benefit ; they have until April 16 to choose . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
ESB said it was given only a three-hour advance warning on a `` take it or leave it '' basis from Inco , as the Toronto company is called . 
The IRS operates on a computer system designed in 1961 , which it has been trying to modernize for years . 
And the Japanese are likely to keep close on Conner 's heels . 
In exchange offers that expired Friday , holders of each $ 1,000 of notes will receive $ 250 face amount of Series A 7.5 % senior secured convertible notes due Jan. 15 , 1995 , and 200 common shares . 
`` This is a step in the right direction , '' said Martin Piszczalski , a Yankee Group analyst . 
Then , in the space of a 20-minute coffee break , the average rallied almost all of the way back . 
In 1986 , he settled an antitrust suit based on a taped telephone conversation of him proposing to Braniff 's president that they both raise fares 20 % . 
A key marketing target for Digital will be the large number of big customers who already own both Digital and IBM systems . 
The system provides radar-threat warning and electronic jamming capabilities . 
But we are , in reality , witnessing the continuing decline of the political economy of capitalism : not so much the end of history but the history of the end . 
Ironically , American Airlines ' attempt to lead industry prices higher was reported in the same issue as your survey showing that consumers had the least confidence in the airline industry ( Sept. 20 ) . 
`` October 13th left us with a cut and exposed nerve , '' said Jack Solomon , technical analyst for Bear Stearns . 
But it could ultimately lead to German reunification and the disappearance of East Germany from the map . 
-- PRICES . 
Many specialist firms resent the Big Board 's new `` basket '' product that allows institutions to buy or sell all stocks in the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index in one shot . 
And a pending Justice Department interpretation of the assassination ban could raise questions that would have to be settled . 
Both of these actions are n't characteristic of real Hells Angels , Mr. Christie said . 
Amid the market disorder , even Drexel , which has the widest and most loyal following of junk bond investors , is pulling in its horns . 
But some of it also represented profit-taking by investors who have made big gains in some issues . 
The union has demanded a 37.6 % increase in the minimum wage while De Beers 's final offer was an increase of 17 % . 
In his Mansion House speech , Mr. Lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect . 
`` Magazines could , like other brands , find that they have only a limited life . '' 
Why do you maintain the House-passed capital-gains plan is a `` temporary '' reduction when it is not ? 
But , they caution , conservative investors would do well to sell into the strength . 
So far , about 150 Orange Workers have moved here , spending nearly $ 1 million buying up property over the past three years . 
Almost all of us in comparable circumstances might be victimized in some way , '' says Jerald Jellison , a psychology professor at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles . 
He told the Congress of People 's Deputies on May 30 : `` We do not share this approach , since it would immediately destroy the social situation and disrupt all the processes in the country . '' 
Inflation is easier to spark and harder to control . 
Here is the red tape that irks surveyed business owners the most : 
But there 's another side to Mr. Krenz . 
U.S. curbs on the exports of sensitive technology to East bloc countries will remain in place , however . 
They then began donating blood twice a week , receiving an EPO injection each time . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Westamerica closed at $ 22.25 a share , down 75 cents . 
When a country cuts tax rates , it makes itself more attractive to investors and drives up the value of its currency . 
Afterward , leaders of the dissident Democrats relented , and said they would n't offer their own proposal as they had planned . 
Kraft recently agreed to spend an additional $ 3 million on similar programs through 1990 . 
Separately , on the Pacific Stock Exchange , put and call options on the common stock of Aldus Corp. started trading . 
It 's too disruptive , '' he says . 
In its letter to him , dated March 2 and shared with reporters , Alex Hager , the chief of the thrift-institution bureau in the comptroller 's office , expressed puzzlement that the S&L could be so profligate when it had reported losses of more than $ 13 million in its two preceding quarters . 
Chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations , but margins in refining and marketing declined . 
`` We 're making adjustments on the show , yes , but nothing radical , '' said Craig Nelson , the story consultant on `` Teddy Z . '' 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
NATO has n't budged from its insistence that any gun-carrying plane has offensive capability . 
Consumer groups have long advocated that drug companies and doctors make more information available to patients . 
Completion of the acquisition is subject to execution of a definitive agreement , approval by all three companies ' boards and the approval of Applied Solar 's shareholders . 
Questioned in Washington about what would happen if his much-heralded peace plan would fail , President Arias voiced expectations of direct U.S. action . 
The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime , but that it continues to exist and fight at all . 
A capital-gains tax cut might be paired with such measures to help ensure passage . 
The earthquake damage , of course , would have been far greater if the epicenter had been in downtown San Francisco . 
MiniScribe common closed yesterday at $ 1.9375 , down 6.25 cents , and has been trading for several months at less than $ 3 a share . 
He 's had a history of deception and this is the latest chapter . '' 
As the violinist tells it , his grandmotherly looking teacher `` put her hands on her hips , stomped her foot and said , ` You 've just got to get the { expletive deleted } out of there . ' '' 
News programs , particularly if they score well in the ratings , appeal to the networks ' cost-conscious corporate parents because they are so much less expensive to produce than an entertainment show is -- somewhere between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 for a one-hour program . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading Friday , Enfield closed at C$ 6.75 , down 37.5 cents . 
At age 19 , she was a Paris sensation , transformed from unwanted child to international sex symbol in just over a decade . 
`` You need one person to just take care of sales tax , '' says Jennie Tong , executive vice president of Lee Liu & Tong Advertising Inc. , New York . 
The move defied a law , approved in Moscow this month , banning such walkouts . 
The transaction is expected to close by Nov. 30 . 
The ground ruptured along a 20-to-30-mile stretch of the San Andreas Fault on Tuesday , Mr. Johnson added . 
But by 3:15 p.m. , with the market comfortably ahead for the day , Mr. Sherman was preparing to undo his switch . 
MCI Communications tumbled 2 5\/8 to 42 3\/8 on 4.7 million shares even though the telecommunications giant reported a 63 % increase in third-quarter profit . 
His giddy dream of redeeming a life of `` badly aimed bullets '' by punishing the `` real robbers '' -- the rich `` dogs '' who prey on the poor -- leads only to the death of innocents , and eventually to his own . 
A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending or lending programs to guarantees and would let taxpayers know what Congress is committing them to . 
( It matches her voice . ) 
Mr. Marous said Westinghouse would own 70 % of the facility . 
Production of factory equipment , one indication of the strength of manufacturers ' investment spending , fell 0.3 % . 
PNC Financial cited higher income from sources unrelated to interest and said it continues to cut costs . 
On Tuesday it approved Senator Bob Dole 's proposed commemorative resolution designating April 24 , 1990 , as the `` National Day of Remembrance of the 75th Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923 , '' suffered at the hands of the warring Ottoman Empire . 
He said Businessland , which operates stores in 50 U.S. metropolitan areas , planned to absorb his firm 's operations . 
Now at least one Japanese company is turning the courtroom tables . 
9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
It was a heady experience for the pockmarked and slightly built Mr. Noriega , who was known to his friends as Cara la Pina -- pineapple face . 
Although , his help for the Contra cause was limited , it was enough to win him important protectors in the Reagan administration , says Sen. Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat who then served on the Senate Intelligence Committee . 
Interstate banking is scheduled to begin in California in 1991 , and larger California banks , such as Wells Fargo & Co. , have been paying fat premiums to buy smaller banks to control markets before any out-of-state banks enter the fray . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
`` I believe that any good lawyer should be able to figure out and understand patent law , '' Judge Mayer says , adding that `` it 's the responsibility of highly paid lawyers ( who argue before the court ) to make us understand ( complex patent litigation ) . '' 
`` But it looks tough . '' 
The Big Board says program trading describes a variety of strategies involving the purchase or sale of a basket of 15 or more stocks . 
The markets are returning to normalcy . '' 
He expects the company 's trading business to drop as much as 40 % this year . 
But last week Gerald Maier , president and chief executive officer of TransCanada , said the company `` intends to be a party to any transportation system that goes up there '' and that it would consider joint ventures with other players to ensure it has a role . 
Despite the progress , Boeing indicated that the work stoppage , now in its 27th day , will have `` a serious adverse impact '' on the current quarter . 
Prices for polyethylene , a common plastic and an important Carbide product , started to fall early this year ; the slide accelerated in the third quarter as buyers continued to trim inventories . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit-reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law . 
Relying on the preamble 's statement that a fetus is an unborn child , the two St. Louis County Circuit Court judges in August accepted the justification that the abortion clinic protesters were trying to save lives . 
In keeping with America 's long history of propping up Mr. Noriega , recent U.S. actions have extended rather than shortened his survival . 
And in little more than a decade of being friendly -- and at the same time rocking the staid Swiss business community with some U.S.-style wheeling and dealing -- the 46-year-old Mr. Rey has grown from a modest banker to a billionaire . 
The company said its third-quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . 
But then they wake up to a nightmare . 
The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter . 
`` Who wants to be a public shareholder investing in a company controlled by the pilots ' union ? '' asks Candace Browning , an analyst at Wertheim Schroeder & Co . 
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
The interviews took place two years ago . 
For the nine months , Ashton-Tate had a loss of $ 27.6 million , or $ 1.05 a share . 
`` Unless it gets more help , the U.S. industry wo n't have a chance , '' says Peter Friedman , Photonics 's executive vice president . 
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. . 
Norris McLaughlin is a general-practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work . 
Sales increased 11 % to # 2.5 billion from # 2.25 billion , while operating profit climbed 13 % to # 225.7 million from # 199.8 million . 
At the same time , the strategy requires that he deal effectively with those who seek genuine Western-style political pluralism . 
Edward M. Esber , chairman , president and chief executive officer , attributed the decline to reduced domestic revenue because of $ 4.9 million spent to upgrade existing software inventories to the new database IV Version 1.1 , and $ 1.8 million spent on the recent reduction in work force . 
Ask Tommy Lasorda ; thin is in . 
He has designed furniture and homes as well as commercial and office space . 
Let the president demand strict new ethics rules : With four sitting House members accused of sexual misdeeds , amid the unfolding HUD scandal and after the Wright debacle , `` people are slightly dulled by scandal , '' says political humorist Art Buchwald . 
`` We were talking about scheduling a practice drill for November , '' says Joan Tharp , a spokeswoman . 
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid-waste recovery and hazardous-waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago . 
The petition challenged First Union 's lending record in the state , saying that the bank-holding company had `` shut itself off from contact with the low-income community and is redlining almost every black neighborhood that it serves in the state . '' 
Although the board believed that Mr. Icahn is more interested in talking the stock price higher than acquiring USX , it adopted a poison-pill defense , to be swallowed if anyone amasses a 15 % stake . 
`` The Congress government is taking the farmers ' bread and not giving us any support . 
Mr. Seidman told the committee that the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell sick thrifts , has studied Lincoln 's examination reports by former regulators dating back to 1986 . 
But , says Mr. Katz , the U.S. attorney , `` the interesting thing about Newport Beach operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices , with plush furnishings . 
The Orange Workers are just putting this preaching into practice . 
Trucking , shipping and air-freight firms are all planning rate increases , reflecting higher costs and tightened demand . 
The head of the DEA at the time , John Ingersoll , scotched the assassination plan . 
A decline in Allied-Signal Inc. 's automotive business contributed to flat sales and only slightly higher earnings in the third quarter . 
The prospect of such a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in recent weeks . 
PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. , which is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions , said it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions . 
Proceeds from the offering will be used to repay borrowings under the short-term parts of a credit agreement . 
Exxon Corp. said its third-quarter earnings slipped 9 % as profits from two of its three major businesses sagged . 
Analysts agreed with company expectations that operating profit will be down this year and in 1990 . 
Over the course of the decade , for instance , my return on investment in the area of poker alone ( Figures 7A and 7B ) has been most impressive , showing bodacious annual expansion with -- given the way my associates play -- no sign of abatement into the 1990s and beyond . 
For example , an auction house 's comments on the condition of a work of art that is up for sale should be looked at with `` very open eyes , '' he says . 
Details of the escrow agreement have n't been completed , the companies said . 
Imports of crude from the Middle East grew 17 % from year-earlier levels , and Southeast Asian crude imports grew 43 % . 
Much of the money has been switched into money market funds , fund executives say . 
`` Look at Dostoevski and Kafka . 
The exchange should take a pro-active position . '' 
A chart in last Friday 's special report on personal finance contained an incorrect figure supplied by NonProfit Times , a monthly newspaper covering charities . 
The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration and drove many veteran oil men and companies out of the business also played havoc with the nation 's inflation rate , the trade deficit and oil users ' corporate and personal budgets . 
But on the evidence of `` The Fabulous Baker Boys , '' that may be the only thing she ca n't do , at least when she 's acting in movies . 
Chrysler Corp. also hit the rocks in mid-October . 
Rep. Bates has publicly begged for forgiveness from voters and was re-elected with 60 % of the vote last November . 
The premium of cash copper to the three-month forward offerings narrowed , indicating weaker demand for cash copper . 
The pocketbook impact of health benefits has driven business and labor to a surprising consensus . 
Nor has Beijing hinted to its citizens that it will publish the identities of those killed . 
Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from ( a ) Marxist devaluation of environmental resources , which are not produced by labor ; ( b ) planned economies ' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government ; and ( c ) the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West . 
If the request is approved by both the House and Senate , Mr. Cheney would need only permission from the White House Office of Management and Budget to move the money , according to Senate budget analysts . 
The companies earlier said they did n't want to raise their offer to match a rival bid by Institut Merieux S.A. of C$ 37 a share , or C$ 942 million . 
`` We had heard from people who had n't been active '' for a long time . 
Mutinies wrack his armed forces ( really just an armed gang ) , which control less than half the country . 
With stocks not a major focus , `` we 're waiting for the next guiding light , '' said Brian J. Fabbri , chief economist at Midland Montagu Securities Inc . 
`` If Lloyd 's wants # 70,000 out of me they will have to take everything I 've got -- and even then I do n't know if it will be enough , '' she says . 
Beijing lawmakers have called for jails to be built to house prostitutes and for severe punishment , including the death sentence , for anyone who induces or coerces women into prostitution . 
The suit was filed by plaintiffs ' securities lawyer Richard D. Greenfield in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . 
Still , `` I understand the reasons '' that other states are holding out , he said . 
During Winter Carnival week , for example , visitors at Sunday River in Maine can take a hot-air balloon ride . 
Fees 0.36 . 
Under what weights will the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation totter ? 
Both companies stress that employees know they are being recorded and that customer conversations are n't taped . 
December delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $ 380.80 . 
Atlantic Richfield 
Takanori Mizuno , chief economist of the Institute for Financial Affairs Inc. , a Tokyo research center on finance and economics , says , `` The junk bond market became very jittery , and there 's a fear of a coming recession and the possible bankruptcy of LBO companies . 
Orkem S.A. , a French state-controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said . 
But that does n't mean `` half of the students attending Berkeley '' will be admitted this way . 
Changes in CD yields in the week ended Tuesday were in line with blips up and down within a fairly narrow range for the last two months . 
KIM : 
Ironically , Caltrans this year began working on a second round of seismic reinforcements of freeways around the state , this time wrapping freeway columns in `` steel blankets '' to reinforce them . 
Although the network is n't connected to the computer systems that operate either Galileo or the shuttle , part of the network will carry analyses of Galileo data once the craft gets spaceborn . 
She also notes that even if the pilots accept a minority stake now , they still could come back at a later time and try to take control . 
The mild inflation figures renewed investors ' hopes that the Federal Reserve will ease its interest-rate stance . 
`` For the first time in my life , I was n't sure whether I was listening to our news or West German television . '' 
But Mr. Wenz , who says he lost $ 43,000 in one precious-metals deal and $ 39,000 in another , says a salesman `` used a business-venture approach '' with him , sending investment literature , a contract limiting the firm 's liability , and an insurance policy . 
CRI , which sponsors Champs , is a world-wide real estate investment firm . 
`` It looks like a holiday . 
A bid against Paribas could n't be ruled out . 
And with its new venture with Japan 's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. , announced last week , it is poised to penetrate growing markets overseas . 
Chancellor Kohl , meanwhile , has invited Mr. Krenz to open discussions with Bonn on a wide range of subjects . 
`` It 's frightening , '' Mr. Shattuck said . 
The stock closed down $ 8.375 , at $ 170 , after plunging $ 33 , to $ 145 . 
Mr. Noriega often tells friends that patience is the best weapon against the gringos , who have a short attention span and little stomach for lasting confrontation . 
`` The events strengthen London 's hand in becoming the center for trading European stocks , '' Mr. Gilchrist says . 
Year ended April 30 , 1989 : 
They were protecting his interests . '' 
Courtaulds Chairman and Chief Executive Sir Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff . 
Is n't it reasonable to assume that the asset you own would be worth more if the government suddenly announced that if you sold it , you would be able to keep 30 % more of its gain than you previously believed ? 
Next to them was the red flag of the outlawed South African Communist Party , which has long been an ANC ally . 
`` This has been a major disruption for the Bay area economy , '' says Pauline Sweezey , the chief economist at the California Department of Finance . 
GNP is the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services . 
Often con artists will try to disarm their victims by emphasizing similarities between them . 
Qintex Australia Ltd. , a media and resorts concern controlled by Australian entrepreneur Christopher Skase , announced a plan to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems . 
Nam Angels shows Angels fighting with each other and also depicts them as showing no remorse when a member is killed . 
But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors . 
Also , Sheldon Aboff , formerly a vice president at Maxwell , was named group vice president with responsibility for various electronic and publishing-group companies . 
Running the nation 's largest and most ornery city may be no treat , but at least Mr. Dinkins knows what to expect from it . 
Louisiana Pacific and Georgia Pacific said a number of other analysts are recommending them because of their strong wood-products business . 
Color Systems , which converts black-and-white film to color videotape , posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 1.32 a share , on revenue of $ 10.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 . 
Since the cost of transporting gas is so important to producers ' ability to sell it , it helps to have input and access to transportation companies . '' 
Last October , Quebecor bought 23 Canadian printing plants from BCE Inc. , a Montreal telecommunications , manufacturing , energy and real estate company . 
He noted that higher gasoline prices will help buoy the October totals . 
Foreign auto makers are taking the Tokyo Motor Show more seriously than ever . 
International Paper emphasizes that it is better positioned than most companies for the coming overcapacity because its individual mills can make more than one grade of paper . 
The action came as Congress sent to President Bush a fiscal 1990 bill providing an estimated $ 156.7 billion for the Departments of Labor , Education , Health and Human Services . 
Mr. Hollander `` is the new owner and wants to exercise control , '' said Barret B. Weekes , Newport 's chairman . 
Par said it is cooperating in the investigation . 
The media 's treatment of the Defense Department during the Vietnam War , the Carter administration 's denigration of the military , and the public scapegoating of Lt. Col. Oliver North have all served to emasculate the poor souls who live there . 
`` But the reward is that there 's less need to make tradeoffs '' in choosing one 's wheels . 
It is a peaceful time in this part of western India . 
Compaq , which said it discovered the bugs , still plans to announce new 486 products on Nov. 6 . 
However , Judge Weinstein wrote in his opinion late last month that terrorism and acts of war against civilians can not be defined as political acts . 
Carat 's Gross brothers invented the idea of large-scale buying of media space . 
They are designed to be given to patients by their doctors when the medicines are prescribed and include space for the doctor to write special instructions . 
So-called jumbo CDs , typically in denominations of $ 90,000 and up , also usually follow T-bills and interest rate trends in general more than those aimed at small investors . 
Baltimore Gas & Electric Co. -- $ 100 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds , due Oct. 15 , 1999 , through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , offered at par to yield 8.40 % . 
The National Association of Broadcasters in June adopted an agenda for revitalizing AM radio that includes , among other things , pursuing further FCC action on selecting an AM stereo standard and seeking a law requiring all stereo receivers to include AM stereo . 
The ruling follows a host of problems at Tucson Electric , including major write-downs , a 60 % slash in the common stock dividend and the departure of former Chairman Einar Greve during a company investigation of his stock sales . 
`` These products are the heart of our transmission-product line , '' Mr. Buchner said . 
It 's an optimistic move in a industry already facing world-wide overcapacity . 
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle-aged men attempting a young man 's sport . 
Moreover , in the relatively unregulated Indian stock markets , investors frequently do n't know what they are getting when they subscribe to an issue . 
Earlier this month , MCI sued AT&T in federal district court , claiming that AT&T 's ads are false . 
Sales rose 6.7 % to $ 4.27 billion from $ 4 billion . 
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . '' 
W. Brown Morton Jr . Warsaw , Va . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday . 
The venture , which involves adding sophisticated equipment to make cast-iron mill rolls , is part of a two-pronged effort to shore up a division that has posted continuing operating losses for several years . 
Mr. Donohoo is scheduled to be sentenced Dec. 11 . 
Control Data has been seeking a buyer for the facility since it folded its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer unit this past April . 
Yet abortion-rights forces remain bitterly critical . 
His family was given three hours to leave before the house and contents were confiscated . 
The computing-services concern will pay $ 1,059.04 for each $ 1,000 face amount of debt . 
Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful . 
For several years some European countries have complained that outdated Cocom lists and restrictions served more to hamper their trade than to add to Western security . 
Franchisees ca n't be forced to go along with a franchiser 's discounting . 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , but New Delhi has n't pushed the legislation to make it operational . 
USX gained 1\/2 to 33 3\/8 on a report in Business Week magazine that investor Carl Icahn is said to have raised his stake in the oil and steel company to just about 15 % . 
The resulting scandal led to the firing of James N. von Germeten as Boston Co. 's president and to the resignations of the company 's chief financial officer and treasurer . 
Estee Lauder , for example , spends only an estimated 5 % of sales on advertising in the U.S. , and Mr. Lauder says he has no plans to change his strategy . 
The index gained 527.39 Tuesday . 
Through these investigations we do not focus on the street drug user , but rather we target and attack major drug-trafficking organizations that control a large segment of the drug market . 
The company is still negotiating the sales of the other four units and expects to announce agreements by the end of the year . 
For the first eight months of 1989 , analysts say shipments of hot-dipped galvanized steel increased about 8 % from a year earlier , while overall steel shipments were up only 2.4 % . 
Could he plausibly interpret it as encouragement for the Fed to give primary emphasis to stabilizing the price level ? 
A small decline in total construction for the entire year is possible if contracting for housing does n't increase in response to this year 's lower mortgage rates , said George A. Christie , vice president and chief economist of Dodge , the forecasting division of publisher McGraw-Hill Inc . 
Worth watching , although the music has lasted better than the plot or the humor . 
Because hurricanes can change course rapidly , the company sends employees home and shuts down operations in stages -- the closer a storm gets , the more complete the shutdown . 
But he knows that as many as 20 of his fellow Democrats are disposed to vote for the cut , popular among their constituents . 
`` One dealer told me that if he had more cars , he 'd sell them right away , '' says Takuro Endo , Nissan executive vice president . 
This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars and lousy profits , has loosened up its rigid ways and now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan and Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan . 
`` You can think long range . '' 
The company said Maria Sole Agnelli Teodorani , sister of Fiat Chairman Giovanni Agnelli , agreed to trade her shares in IFI for new ordinary shares in the limited partnership , which will give her control of 4.67 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co . 
It was only earlier this year that the jovial , easygoing executive -- he likes to joke with Americans about how his name is synonymous with twelve -- was appointed deputy president . 
UNIFIRST Corp. declared a 2-for-1 stock split . 
In a typical leverage strategy , a fund tries to capture the spread between what it costs to borrow and the higher return on the bonds it buys with the borrowed money . 
The diplomat adds that Mr. Krenz has several things going for him . 
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position . 
That 's the conclusion of an independent report prepared by the Office of Technology Assessment at the request of the House and Senate judiciary committees . 
Dow Jones industrials 2683.20 , up 39.55 ; transportation 1263.51 , up 15.64 ; utilities 215.42 , up 1.45 . 
And they will again , say money-manager proponents of the growth-stock theme . 
Back in the chase car , we drove around some more , got stuck in a ditch , enlisted the aid of a local farmer to get out the trailer hitch and pull us out of the ditch . 
He puts in busy six-day weeks ( excluding game days ) , and on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from a TV producer , his luxury-suite marketing manager , a disgruntled customer and a roomful of Arkansas reporters . 
Mr. Edelman could n't be reached for comment . 
But Beijing ca n't cut back on such essential imports as raw materials for too long without hampering the country 's export business . 
`` It 's unclear how much rates can fall and how soon . '' 
But industry watchers expect them to blend the methodical marketing strategies they use for more mundane products with the more intuitive approach typical of cosmetics companies . 
His hands sit farther apart on the keyboard . 
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit against Sony and the two producers . 
Nissan hopes that that will start to change this fall , with its new version of the Stanza compact sedan . 
William C. Barksdale Jr . 
`` Irish and Soviet people are similar , '' says Mr. Ovcharenko . 
A spokesman for Campeau called the rumors `` ridiculous . '' 
Concerned by dipping demand for its traditional products , it is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic car-parking payment cards to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores . 
Many of these financiers lend freely , often without demanding collateral . 
The certificates , which have an average life of 10.05 years , were priced at 1.31 percentage points over the benchmark Treasury 10-year note . 
He also questioned whether recent gains in that country can be sustained . 
Pressure from big institutional investors has been the major catalyst for Wall Street 's program-trading pullback . 
`` People are fearful and sensitive . 
But the talks yielded `` nothing so advanced that we needed to make a public announcement about it , '' he said . 
`` It 's very revealing and soul baring , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
The U.S. indictment charges Ad Ventures was a front used to funnel kickbacks to the then-minister of tourism . 
In 1986 , Unocal sold a 7.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to Deutsche Erdolversorgungs G.m.b . H. , a West German oil company , for an undisclosed amount . 
' This is loyalty intelligently bestowed . '' 
Profit for its commercial insurance division fell 30 % to $ 59 million , reflecting higher catastrophe losses and the price war in the property\/casualty market for nearly three years . 
In my opinion , this is not true . 
The Fed already buys and sells foreign exchange to prevent disorderly conditions in foreign-exchange markets . 
Estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces . 
With uncertainty still hanging over interest rates and the dollar , the market failed to find a focus that might lead to further investor commitments , they said . 
Last week , `` Murphy Brown '' was viewed by 14.1 % of the available television households , while the number dropped to 12.6 % for `` Teddy Z '' and rose to 14.2 % for `` Designing Women . '' 
FIRST TEACH THYSELF . 
In addition , Revco 's 1,900 stores in 27 states represent a lot of real estate , he said , and demographics are helping pharmacies : The nation 's aging population will boost demand for prescription drugs . 
`` With E-mail , you do n't have the visual clues of paper , '' says Mr. Tarter , the editor of SoftLetter . 
Proceeds from the borrowings under the credit agreement will be used to pay an $ 80 million cash dividend to Macmillan and to lend the remainder of about $ 128 million to Maxwell Communications in connection with a promissory note . 
The September index fueled speculation , damaging to the dollar , that the Federal Reserve soon will ease monetary policy further . 
Separately , a Qintex Entertainment shareholder filed suit in federal court in Los Angeles charging Qintex Australia with misleading shareholders about Qintex Entertainment 's financial position . 
The Ford issue , through Ford Credit 1989-A Grantor Trust , was priced at a yield spread of 95 basis points above the Treasury 7 3\/4 % issue due July 1991 . 
The U.S. automotive loss was a sharp reversal for a company that had reeled off 12 consecutive quarters of improved earnings until the 1989 second quarter . 
Among other conditions , the offer depends on the Dow unit acquiring at least 66 2\/3 % of the PSE shares outstanding , the companies said in a joint statement Friday . 
The Asian Art Museum in Golden Gate Park reports $ 10 million to $ 15 million in damage , including shattered porcelains and stone figures . 
East Bloc pollution data typically have been state secrets . 
`` This plays right into the hands of the advertising agencies . '' 
Other changes , including easing restrictions on travel for East Germans , are expected . 
`` And export business is still good . 
Railroad-rate increases are likely to be restrained by weakening rail-traffic levels and keen competition for freight from trucks . 
`` I like to succeed , '' says Mr. Rey during a recent morning of working at home , which he also likes . 
In a study of 250 of the nation 's richest companies , the group found that only seven managed to avoid paying federal income taxes last year compared with 40 in 1986 , the last year the old tax rules were in effect , and 16 in 1987 , when some of the new tax provisions went into effect . 
`` We all did what we had to do to stay within sight of them . '' 
That year , it posted record pretax profit of # 650 million , a gain it attributes to higher rates and fewer claims . 
Mr. Angrist writes on the options and commodities markets for The Wall Street Journal . 
The current effort to auction off the company was triggered by a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and the Toronto-based movie chain 's major shareholder , MCA Inc . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , American Brands shares rose $ 1.75 to $ 73 . 
`` When someone says , ` I 've turned to God , ' everybody lays off , '' observes Frank Mankiewicz , an old Washington hand and former aide to Robert Kennedy . 
In a related move , the bank also proposed that board representation be linked more closely to the bank 's new shareholding structure . 
`` We 've been spending a lot of time in Los Angeles talking to TV production people , '' says Mike Parks , president of Call Interactive , which supplied technology for both ABC Sports and NBC 's consumer minutes . 
Visitors are ushered into the premises by red-frocked doormen known as waiters , a reminder of the insurance market 's origins in a coffeehouse in 17th century London . 
The bank 's additional provisions brought reserves for loans to less-developed countries to $ 2.4 billion , covering 36 % of its medium and long-term loans outstanding to these nations . 
Return on this fine portfolio has been modest when it has not been negative . 
But this biennial event , the world 's largest display of cars and trucks , has its serious side , including the first major exhibitions of future engines and vehicle-suspension systems . 
`` Yet even a relatively strong number -- 2.8 % to 2.9 % -- wo n't alter the market 's view that the economy is softening . '' 
The report to Congress said that fatalities rose 18 % in 1987 and 13 % in 1988 on rural interstates . 
Such armor crushes the soldier . 
Mr. Falls , the Goodman 's artistic director , took a recent adaptation by Neil Bartlett and significantly adapted it . 
The remainder is held by the public and by family interests , a spokeswoman for the French group said . 
This became apparent as game one , a Sicilian Defense by Mr. Kasparov , proceeded . 
If the stock market and the economy catch their breath and show that they 're on firmer footing , these stocks might well fall back . 
When Democrats refused to budge , pro-life Republicans met at the White House with Chief of Staff John Sununu on Monday , and Mr. Bush quickly signaled a veto . 
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors . 
Although other resignations may follow , it 's still not clear to what extent the change in party personnel will alter the government 's resistance to fundamental change . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged a breathtaking 63.52 points in the first 40 minutes of trading Monday as stock-index arbitrage sell programs kicked in . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set March 9 . 
The new real estate unit would have a separate capital structure to comply with the law . 
The situation was further aggravated early this month , when McDonald 's set plans to heat up the discounting by offering coupons . 
Meanwhile , like many other oil companies hurt by less-profitable downstream businesses , Mobil Corp. , Shell Oil Co. and Chevron Corp. reported lower quarterly earnings . 
He returned home last Thursday , packed a bag with fresh clothes and reported for duty Friday in Walnut Creek . 
The effort to revive the bid was complicated by the unwieldy nature of the three-party buying group . 
On Friday , trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as potential buyers fled and brokerage firms were unwilling to provide bid and offer prices for most issues . 
They also point out that narrowing interest-rate differentials between the U.S. and its major trading partners tend to make the U.S. currency less attractive to foreign investors . 
Mr. Ehrlich was succeeded as chairman by Gerd Krick , a director of Fresenius , a West German pharmaceutical concern . 
Some of the sales proceeds will go to the Design Industries Foundation for AIDS . 
One answer is that big companies are growing weary of fighting environmental movements and are trying instead to cash in on them , although they never care to put it quite that way . 
Of course , one option would be for Manville to buy out the trust 's shares -- which would do little to benefit public stockholders . 
Last month , Mr. Morishita 's new gallery , Aska International Ltd. , purchased 6.4 % of Christies for # 33 million ( $ 53.3 million ) . 
Business : Forest products and roofing 
The emergency assistance would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual highway funds , and the bill circumvents existing restrictions that otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road , such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week 's earthquake . 
`` We hope to sensitize employers '' to recognize the problems so they can do something about them , Dr. Warshaw said . 
Net sales of bond funds for the month totaled $ 1.1 billion , down two-thirds from $ 3.1 billion in August . 
The divisions that Parker Hannifin is retaining were n't mentioned in Thursday 's edition . 
GENERAL MOTORS CORP. , Detroit , auto maker , annual sales of $ 123.6 billion , NYSE , sustained about 10 injuries to workers and some ruptured water mains at its New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. facility in Fremont , a joint venture with Toyota Motor Corp . 
Small businesses say a recent trend is like a dream come true : more-affordable rates for employee-health insurance , initially at least . 
He also said investment by businesses is falling off . 
`` We have not made that decision '' to seek a Jaguar special shareholders ' meeting , said Martyn Watkins , a Ford spokesman in London . 
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry . 
Proponents of the nationwide standards say the cost for car buyers would be about $ 500 per car . 
But she asks a workman toting the bricks from the lawn to give her a boost through an open first-floor window . 
`` Real heroes exist . 
In the year-earlier period , the maker of diesel engines and parts had a narrower deficit of $ 17.6 million , or $ 1.84 a share , with sales of $ 808.3 million . 
They shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors . '' 
In addition : -- Soo Line jumped 2 3\/4 to 20 1\/4 , above the $ 19.50 a share that Canadian Pacific offered for the company in a takeover proposal . 
A decline may come in the first half of 1990 , he said , but the market does n't appear on the verge of a severe downturn . 
What you then do is you make them think inappropriately . '' 
While all the numbers in the durable goods report were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations , a Commerce Department analyst said that the adjustment probably did n't factor out all of the wide-ranging surge in defense orders . 
`` The conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins , Dr. Redfield said . 
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision . 
Beijing 's periodic clampdowns on imports have taught many trading companies that the best way to get through the drought is by helping China export . 
China had refused to repatriate citizens who sneaked into Hong Kong illegally since early this month , when the colony allowed a dissident Chinese swimmer to flee to the U.S. . 
Year-earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy-back of convertible subordinated debentures . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.33 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.15 % 120 days ; 8.06 % 150 days ; 7.96 % 180 days . 
Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. receives 60 % of the profits from the Vermont-Slauson Center and uses the money to provide moderate and low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial and industrial development projects . 
Although Mr. Wolf and John Pope , UAL 's chief financial officer , stood to pocket $ 114.3 million for stock and options in the buy-out , UAL executives planned to reinvest only $ 15 million in the new company . 
In recent months , the technology has become more flexible and able to handle much more volume . 
The complaint , filed in federal district court , accuses Imperial and other defendants of issuing false and misleading financial data . 
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date . 
Slower growth countries included Greece , at 2.5 % , the U.K. , at 2.25 % , and Denmark , at 1.75 % . 
Amoco is the first major oil company to report third-quarter results . 
But the machinists union , whose opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor . 
In Tokyo , stocks had a second-consecutive loss Monday in quiet trading with the exception of concentrated buying in some incentive-backed issues . 
`` One of the difficulties people in real estate have is that each product is like starting a new company , or starting a new line in the fashion business , '' says L. Robert Lieb president of Mountain Development Corp. in West Paterson , N.J . 
Not to mention the incursion of imports . 
The banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business . 
H&R Block is one of the great success stories of U.S. business . 
`` It sounds like with the Rubens he got absolutely taken to the cleaners . '' 
A subsequent rally in UAL helped the staggering stock market stage an astonishing recovery from an 80-point deficit to finish only slightly below Monday 's close . 
`` We do n't like the Congress ( I ) , '' says Sooraji Jath , a farmer in the western state of Gujarat . 
Mr. Kendrick is professor emeritus of economics at George Washington University . 
He added : `` I expect to see the earnings momentum we experienced this quarter continue for the rest of the year . '' 
These findings illustrate the vicious cycle that National Institute of Justice Director James K. Stewart calls `` crime causing poverty . '' 
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports . 
Ingersoll President Robert M. Jelenic said in a statement that the company is `` delighted by the conclusion of the Goodson relationship '' and will be able to `` concentrate all our energies '' on Ingersoll 's own papers . 
`` The price can not be less than $ 7,000 . '' 
`` The city has issued so much supply recently that some people are getting a little concerned . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Eight people , including a supervisor of Security Pacific National Bank 's central vault , were arrested in an investigation of an alleged drug money-laundering operation . 
Similarly , a group of companies led by Chevron Corp. has been unable to pump oil found off the California coast in the early 1980s . 
Shalom . 
But the Dow Jones Transportation Average fell for the seventh-consecutive session as more investors dumped UAL shares . 
`` But in the real world , you learn that speed and quality are not a trade-off . 
`` The consumer business continues to drive the earnings stream , '' said Mr. McDermott of Keefe , Bruyette & Woods . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's and triple-A by S&P . 
It has said it might seek bankruptcy-court protection from creditor lawsuits if it ca n't renegotiate its borrowings . 
Some atmospheric scientists think that even if CFCs were released into the atmosphere at an accelerating rate , the amount of ozone depletion would be only 10 % by the middle of the next century . 
But they said detailed financial figures have n't been passed yet to any prospective buyers . 
The filing , made yesterday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court here , follows an agreement by L.J. Hooker Corp. , Merksamer 's owner , to sell the chain to management for an undisclosed price . 
`` This is no time to be playing in the street ... 
The farmer can say the same for coal , cement , saw blades . 
IL-4 is a hormone which directs the growth and function of white blood cells involved in the body 's immune response . 
AT&T already has a factory in Matamoros , Mexico , to make electrical devices . 
Last summer , he chucked his 10-year career as a London stockbroker and headed for the mountains . 
Earlier this year , Japan said it would cut the number of its drift-net vessels in the South Pacific by two-thirds , or down to 20 . 
The remainder were to be phased out in five or 10 annual installments , with all tariffs eliminated by January 1998 . 
`` There are no facts { behind the assertions } that we sent any kind of signal , '' he declared in an interview . 
Put on March 31 , 1992 , at an indicated 105 to yield 4.80 % . 
Canadian Pacific could n't be reached for comment , and MacMillan Bloedel said it has n't any plans to make a bid for Nekoosa . 
The latest quarter includes a $ 42.7 million addition to loan-loss reserves . 
Now the Mirage and Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. 's $ 290 million Excalibur are going up . 
Exxon Corp. built the plant but closed it in 1985 and sold off much of the equipment to dismantling contractors , from whom Coastal bought back much of the equipment . 
The new dividend rate is payable Nov. 15 to holders of record Oct. 31 . 
In addition , the rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has increased the price of U.S. products in overseas markets and hurt the country 's competitiveness . 
Year-earlier results for the quarter and the nine months were restated to reflect a change in accounting standards . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 73 days ; 8.325 % 74 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
a tragicomic monologue by an idealistic , not unheroic , though sadly self-deceived English butler in his sixties -- proceeds as if the realistic English novel of manners , like Britannia herself , still ruled the waves . 
A large number of those leaving are managers and professionals . 
Mr. Kennedy failed to get his amendment incorporated into last year 's anti-drug legislation , and it will be severely attacked on the Senate floor this time around . 
The left-of-center Social Democrats and the environmental Greens party posted mixed results . 
`` Due to health reasons , Lt. Col. Noriega has elected to postpone his visit to Washington , '' it read . 
He will continue as a director . 
One price-depressing development was the lower-than-expected increase of only 0.2 % in the consumer price index for September , an analyst said . 
As factors contributing to the temporary slowdown , he cited one-time rate reductions prescribed by California regulators as a prelude to a new framework that removes profit constraints . 
`` It was the confirming evidence we all needed that { gene } losses were critical to the development of a common tumor , '' says Ray White at Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Salt Lake City . 
Their stock in trade as `` executive producers '' is sniffing out hot properties , locking them up and then getting big studios to bankroll and distribute them . 
Mortgage-backed securities were up less than 1\/8 point and investment-grade corporate bonds were unchanged . 
The New York suit was filed on behalf of Justice Isaac Rubin , whose appointment to the state appellate division expires at year end , and all other judges hurt by the alleged age discrimination . 
Mr. Wall , however , is a self-proclaimed `` child of the Senate '' and former staff director of its Banking Committee . 
Though it is far from certain that companies best known for selling Promise margarine and Tide detergent will succeed in cosmetics , there 's little doubt they will shake up the industry . 
Pay raises of 60 % over the past three years have given many South Koreans the money to enjoy the things they were supplying the rest of the world . 
A number of developments were negatively interpreted by traders . 
He cautions that early damage estimates are often low ; the damage totals in Hurricane Hugo increased tenfold as more information was received . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
Market Data Retrieval is a compiler of educational information and provides related services . 
Ford Motor Co. and Japan 's Mazda Motor Corp. have equity interests in Kia . 
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
But Mr. Phillips recently freed himself up to spend more time with clients by delegating much of his administrative work to a deputy . 
The preamble says that human life begins at conception and that unborn children have rights protected by the Constitution . 
General Electric Co. received a $ 30.6 million Air Force contract for MX-missile nose cones . 
In Hollywood , an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner . 
Asset-backed securities `` are an attractive investment compared to bank certificates of deposit or other corporate bonds , '' says Craig J. Goldberg , managing director and head of the asset-backed securities group at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
To keep the exchange rate pegged , Mr. Lawson tightened monetary policy and pushed interest rates up to 15 % . 
Atlantis lifted Galileo from the launch pad at 12:54 p.m. EDT and released the craft from its cargo bay about six hours later . 
Sears , Roebuck & Co. is struggling as it enters the critical Christmas season . 
Mr. Gould finds this oddly exhilarating ; like an existentialist of old , he views our contingency as `` a source of both freedom and consequent moral responsibility . '' 
Rival gangs have turned cities into combat zones . 
The federal productivity estimators use labor input , rather than output , data for their calculations of half of private financial and service industries as well . 
Tokyu Department Store advanced 260 to 2410 . 
Born the illegitimate son of his father 's maid , he was raised on the mean streets of the central market district of Panama City . 
In addition , Sony is expected to agree to swap Columbia 's 35 % stake in the sprawling Burbank , Calif. , studio that Warner and Columbia share , in exchange for the old MGM studio lot that Warner acquired with the purchase of Lorimar Telepictures Corp . 
But it is driven by the same fiscal pressures that have forced lawmakers to resort to various bookkeeping devices to juggle as much as $ 1 billion in spending that would otherwise put the bill over budget . 
In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug-related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . 
`` Too often , advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between a brand and the consumer . '' 
Some couples continue to try . 
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132.8 million of housing mortgage revenue bonds priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group . 
Bankruptcy experts said the law is n't clear on how such an arbitration ruling can affect a company 's case . 
National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company . 
But Showtime has continued to sign new contracts with Hollywood studios , and yesterday announced it will buy movies from Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , which currently has a non-exclusive arrangement with HBO . 
The dividend represents the balance of its regular quarterly payout of 10 cents a share , of which half was paid July 17 in a final distribution prior to its merger with B.B. Real Estate Investment Corp. , also in July . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- 
Director Michael Engler has assembled a top-flight cast to carry out the impersonations of well-known political figures and to play the stock characters who invariably show up at congressional hearings . 
Shaken by tumbling stock prices and pessimistic projections of U.S. economic growth , currency analysts around the world have toned down their assessments of the dollar 's near-term performance . 
Whatever the case , a Merrill Lynch spokesman emphasizes , investors should n't have to worry about the uninsured premium issue , unless the bank or thrift that issued the CD is closed and its deposits paid off before maturity or transferred to another institution at a lower rate . 
Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the purchase of all shares outstanding of Anchor and the payment of all related costs and expenses . 
The benchmark 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 10\/32 to 111 14\/32 to yield 10.14 % , while the Treasury 's 12 % notes due 1995 rose 7\/32 to 103 5\/8 to yield 11.04 % . 
For example , Western Savings & Loan Association , which is now in conservatorship , had tangible capital-assets minus liabilities -- of a negative $ 357.4 million at June 30 . 
`` It 's a large-ticket discretionary purchase , '' said Robert Curran , who follows the industry for Merrill Lynch & Co . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Capital Cities closed at $ 558.50 , down $ 5 . 
Mr. Bush has long campaigned for passage of a bill or a constitutional amendment that would explicitly give him a line-item veto , which would enable him to kill individual items in a big spending bill without having to kill the entire bill . 
The education establishment will fight against common sense every inch of the way . 
Creator Hugh Wilson , for example , included the lead character 's Greek family in the cast , `` but that is not the right focus anymore , '' said one CBS executive . 
Last week 's output rose 1.4 % from the 1,802,000 tons produced a year earlier . 
Under new rules , many of the country 's pubs would become `` free houses , '' selling beers of their choice . 
Orin Kramer , an insurance consultant in New York , estimates that the 1906 San Francisco destruction , on an inflation-adjusted basis , included insured losses of $ 5.8 billion . 
Social Security and spending for poor people are exempted . 
IBM 's push is also unusual in its approach to marketing . 
Intelligence Committee Chairman David Boren ( D. , Okla . ) and Vice Chairman William Cohen ( R. , Maine ) , for their part , angrily accused the White House of selectively leaking classified documents and trying unfairly to shift the blame to Congress for the bungled attempt to topple Gen. Noriega . 
High default rates , a low interest rate , and government coverage of all interest costs while the student is in school make program costs extremely high . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Paul and CenTrust executives are getting squeamish about opulence . 
When supplies are short , it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain . 
World-wide production would be cut in half by 1998 . 
Some analysts say the latest results only seem pale by comparison with a spectacular second half of 1988 . 
The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , includes Syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from Lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems and Christians in the Parliament . 
Mr. Katz advocates issues with low price-earnings ratios -- that is , low prices in relation to the company 's earnings per share . 
In the past , writes Houston Chronicle columnist Jim Barlow , outlanders were accepted only after passing a series of tests to prove they had the `` right '' Texas attitudes and `` of course they had to be dipped for parasites . '' 
The Examiner and the San Francisco Chronicle were able to publish despite Tuesday 's quake , which occurred close to deadline for many newspapers . 
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Mr. Busch says there is a scientific explanation for all haunts , and he can even tell you how to encourage the spirits . 
There are better ways to promote a cause . 
The company said the restructuring 's initial phase will feature a gradual reduction in assets and staff positions . 
A heavy , kerchiefed woman runs a handful through her fingers , and counts him out a pile of zlotys . 
The federal government should make free , voluntary testing for the AIDS virus the cornerstone of an expanded campaign to stop the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome , the Hudson Institute recommended . 
Now she leads a grassroots abortion-rights campaign in Passaic County for pro-choice Democratic gubernatorial candidate James Florio . 
Baker had lots of them . 
It is possible then that Santa Fe 's real estate -- even in a state imperiled by earthquakes -- could , one day , fetch a king 's ransom . 
The official said he also would be comfortable with that new range . 
The discount rate on three-month bills rose to 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % . 
Another she stuffed with eight `` rectilinear hedges '' for a topiary geometry lesson in the right-angling of plants . 
The discounting , say fast-food operators , occurs on a scale and with a frequency they have n't seen before . 
Paxus said in a statement it has several `` well developed product and services relationships '' with the U.S. computer company , and plans to expand these links . 
Understandably , smaller growth stocks have n't been in favor recently . 
I suspect I may be one of the few people to have read them all . 
Victor C. Benda , 58 , formerly executive vice president , succeeds Mr. Lang as president and becomes chief operating officer , a new post . 
For bankers and regulators , Arizona is looking more like Texas every day . 
The next woman was older , and I was afraid to touch her . 
The Bush administration has at its disposal $ 273 million in funds remaining from the $ 1.1 billion Congress released for the cleanup after Hurricane Hugo . 
The five-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's comparable note . 
But if East Germany 's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Mr. Krenz to make serious efforts at reform , he will face a challenge just as fundamental . 
Thus B.A.T 's restructuring may only make the company a more manageable target for other corporate predators -- possibly such acquisitive bidders as Hanson PLC . 
Last week , yields on long-term New York City general obligation bonds jumped half a percentage point . 
This can have its purposes at times , but there 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice . 
Helmsley 's insurance division had slightly exceeded that percentage , sources say , but the division was n't considered significant enough to the company to be restructured , particularly at a difficult time for the firm . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Oneida 's shares closed at $ 18.375 a share , unchanged . 
He says he sold the stock to avoid conflict-of-interest problems in his role as a voting member of the city 's Board of Estimate . 
Yet another political scandal is racking Japan . 
No payments would be made this year , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the bill commits the government to annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of $ 1.25 billion is met . 
But in May , the Chicago Merc said it was looking into creating a common system with the Chicago Board of Trade , and it suspended negotiations with the New York Merc . 
Gen. Scowcroft knows as well as anyone that one of the biggest dangers he faces is that NSC staffers working in relative anonymity will take over policy-making and operational tasks that are best left to bigger and more experienced State Department and Pentagon bureaus . 
These include bans on the use of abortion for birth control and sex selection , and the public funding of alternatives for abortion . 
Though brokerage officials defended their use of program trading , one sign of what an issue it remains was that few executives would comment on the record . 
Born in a Baltic town in an area which is now part of Poland , he has dedicated his life to the party apparatus . 
But some investors might prefer a simpler strategy then hedging their individual holdings . 
McCormick Capital Inc. said its tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million , or 44 % , of its common shares at $ 3 apiece , which expired Friday evening , was oversubscribed . 
The Republicans contend that they can garner a majority in the 100-member Senate for a capital-gains tax cut . 
In addition , Unisys set up an unspecified reserve -- apparently $ 60 million to $ 70 million -- to cover the minimum amount it will have to pay the government because of its involvement in the defense-procurement scandal . 
While the practice was discouraged in the past , the conference agreement is laced with veterans ' hospitals , environmental projects and urban grants designated for specific communities . 
Wall Street is seething over the rules , which would curtail the tax deductibility of debt used in most LBOs . 
Pressure has been building on the Big Board in the past two weeks to do something about market volatility , which many investors say is caused by program trading . 
It 's nice ! 
As for GM , its `` fallback position has to be a full bid itself , '' said Stephen Reitman , European auto-industry analyst at London brokers UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
The White House has decided to push for changes in pesticide law that are designed to speed the removal of harmful chemicals from the nation 's food supply . 
Now she says she 's thinking of contacting her own insurance agent . 
Can a security analyst call an investment banker to make certain that a seemingly improbable rumor is in fact false ? 
`` Their likelihood of reversing us is very slim , '' said Lewis H. Eslinger , Sony 's attorney , who said he doubts Justin will go ahead with a trial . 
All parts of the issue are callable at any time at par . 
`` We think alliances are very important , '' Mr. Eddington says . 
`` The big mo is as much of a factor in retailing as in politics , '' he said . 
In addition , Delmed is exploring distribution arrangements with Fresenius USA , Delmed said . 
Futures and options also make it possible to build `` synthetic '' index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock , but can produce returns that match or exceed the broad stock market . 
When Mr. Gandhi came to power , he ushered in new rules for business . 
One color photo displays a rainbow of dress shirts tied in a knot ; another picture shows neckties with bold designs . 
The brand early on achieved an upscale appeal -- a trait that some analysts believe is partly responsible for its staid performance . 
Brokers agreed with the two-tier price theory . 
Mr. Rey made 50 million Swiss francs on the sale . 
Currently , Mr. Merksamer owns 20 % of the company ; L.J. Hooker acquired its 80 % interest in the firm in May 1986 . 
The union also ceded the 2 % commission it had received on all Pemex maintenance contracts . 
Last year she boasted to HG magazine : `` I 'd never looked at a garden in my life . '' 
But Irving Kayton , a patent expert at George Mason University School of Law who is familiar with the case , said the fact that seven patents were infringed `` suggests that infringement was willful . 
The index of leading indicators got a major boost in September from a surge in consumer expectations as measured by the University of Michigan . 
The Committee on Federal Regulation of Securities for the American Bar Association argues , for example , in its lengthy letter to the SEC , that the proposed changes `` would substantially improve the { law } by conforming it more closely to contemporary business realities . '' 
Nearby Paul Craig Roberts , a distinguished supply-sider with monetarist sympathies , argues the case for Sir Alan . 
The expansion is aimed not just at meeting demand but also at expanding the company 's market share to 30 % from 27 % currently . 
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official . 
Mr. Canelo thinks the market will probably go higher , but `` will be ruthless with stocks if the earnings are n't there . '' 
Enviropact said the two divisions account for about $ 8 million of the company 's $ 20 million in annual revenue . 
All this causes Rep. Hyde to muse about an alternate way to drum up more enthusiasm . 
When you do that you wipe out the criminal incentives , including , I might say , the incentive that the drug pushers have to go around and get kids addicted , so that they create a market for themselves . 
The recently released leaders sat high atop a podium in one section of the stadium stands . 
Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company . 
Market participants said that the mark continues to post the most significant gains against the dollar . 
That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29 % for corporate assets held for 15 years . 
Bond Corp. said the acknowledged losses mean net asset backing is in the red to the tune of 53 Australian cents a share , vs. positive asset backing of A$ 1.92 a share a year ago . 
GR8FLRED : 
Japanese chemical companies are at work developing their own substitutes and hoping to conquer new markets , of course . 
In an official release , BP said initial production from the field was 11,000 barrels a day , and that it expects peak output from the field of 15,000 barrels a day to be reached in 1990 . 
For all of fiscal 1989 , however , the average gross margin was 49 % , below the average 1988 gross margin of 51 % . 
Rated triple-A by both Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers Inc . 
If interest rates plunge , the insurer may be knocking on my door , asking for steeper premium payments to maintain the same amount of protection . 
We suggest that Mr. Fernandez find an incompetent principal , toss him out of the building and let the forces of the status quo explain to the parents whatever it is they 're defending . 
None dare say to sell it . 
The state agency , which usually publishes the data on monthly basis , but traditionally combines the index for the two summer-holiday months , said the advance was led by output of consumer goods , which rose 3.5 % from June and was up 7.2 % from a year earlier . 
Texas is big and beautiful and they live here , that 's all . 
`` These days , anything can happen . 
But it 's understood that Mr. Kravis is disappointed that Mr. Gillett did n't manage to boost SCI TV 's operating profit after the buy-out . 
Tandy has added several new products to that line , including a laptop computer priced around $ 1,000 , and is focusing its advertising on the easy-to-use software that is packaged with its machines . 
A 20 % stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results . 
What 's more , the coming months likely will offer him the opportunity to obtain his own majority on the five-member commission , enabling him to avoid the dissension that frustrated his predecessor . 
Asked about his greatest achievement in public life , he first speaks about the quality of his staff . 
Just after midnight Monday , federal spending started to drop by $ 16 billion . 
First , the somewhat affected idealism of the 1960s . 
The federation said Friday that it regrets the resignation , but issued a stinging response that called Exxon a `` corporate pariah '' that should keep an open dialogue with environmentalists . 
Traders said program activity was n't in evidence through most of the session , however , and Big Board volume dropped to 155,650,000 shares from about 238 million Tuesday as concerns about the potential for additional sharp swings in the market kept other trading in check . 
I fell asleep on the lobby floor , next to a man wearing a Chicago Cubs jacket . 
The rebels also reportedly tightened a blockade on roads leading to the capital , and government forces shelled a guerrilla-held area in western Afghanistan . 
If there is a recession that will change the statistical situation . '' 
UAL stock declined by 9 to 161 after nobody surfaced to claim credit for aggressive buying Tuesday by Bear Stearns that sent UAL stock up 35 points in a matter of hours . 
The result `` will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure , '' Bond Corp. directors said in a statement . 
They know that they can hold off the ghosts only a little while longer by cutting carriers and ships . 
United met the $ 38 but then withdrew . 
Excluding earnings from discontinued operations a year earlier , net fell only 2 % . 
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non-pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging . 
Avery paid $ 750 million , including various legal and financing fees , to acquire Uniroyal Chemical , Middlebury , Conn. , in 1986 -- a move that burdened Avery with debt . 
Diversification pays . 
The GAF trials were viewed as previews of the government 's strength in its cases against Mr. Lewis and Mr. Bilzerian . 
Adds Candice Ohlman , the 35-year-old masseuse who plies her trade in the Grand Rapids office , `` They fall in love with my hands . '' 
If that takes money , take it away from this discredited federal department . 
One she made into a topiary rec room , replete with plants shaped into a Barcalounger , TV , piano and chairs . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Control Data Corp. , Minneapolis , signed a joint development agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to incorporate an emerging computing architecture in future machines . 
This year , by one means of transport or another , more than 18 million people will visit the city . 
What 's really going on here ? 
For the past decade , NEC Corp. has owned more than half the Japanese PC market and ruled it with near-monopoly power . 
Daily trading volume in the New York foreign exchange market is $ 130 billion . 
The limited partners include insurance companies , financial institutions and individual investors . 
Of the total purchase price , $ 50 million cash and $ 30 million in stock ( nearly 1.8 million shares ) would be paid to buy the existing 700-room Marina Hotel & Casino from Southwest Securities , a Nevada limited partnership . 
Tony was four years older than most of his fellow cadets , and gained admission to the academy because his brother had falsified his birth certificate . 
`` Disappointing profits are likely to get worse in the next two quarters , '' says Mary Farrell , a market strategist at PaineWebber . 
But that drop was caused entirely by a decline in Brazilian interest paid , to $ 5 million from $ 54 million the second quarter . 
Moreover , other officials noted , snafus in transportation funding that the state has experienced over the years may have restricted the availability of funds for such a retrofitting , even if it were technologically feasible . 
American Pioneer , parent of American Pioneer Savings Bank , said the sale will add capital and reduce the level of investments in subsidiaries for the thrift holding company . 
Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze , at a news conference in Moscow , said , `` As the two sides plan to hold a full-scale summit in late spring-early summer next year , they found it useful , I would say even necessary , to hold an interim informal meeting . '' 
Much of Washington thought it detected George Bush in a characteristic waffle on abortion the past week . 
The fourth part , consisting of $ 22 million of 12 1\/2 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1999 , was priced at 85.339 with a yield to maturity of 15.50 % . 
Ashland also took a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover anticipated costs to correct problems with boilers built by one of its subsidiaries . 
Westamerica Bancorp. said Richard W. Decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only a year on the job because of `` differences '' with the board . 
For the first time since the 1987 crash , traders said that they were able to trade several hundred S&P 500 contracts at a time in a highly liquid market . 
The company said it was `` concerned about the announced intent to acquire control of the company '' by a Sugarman-led group . 
`` The percentage of your day spent twiddling your thumbs got greater , and the work day kept getting longer . 
`` This time we do n't really have to worry about Tokyo , '' said an official at Daiwa Securities Co . 
But the Makro chain , which operates as a joint venture between K mart and SHV Holdings N.V. of the Netherlands , has only six stores and annual sales that one analyst estimated at about $ 300 million . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Once his cuckoo 's egg was laid , he could enter Unix and become a `` super-user , '' with access to everything . 
A piece down , the computer resigned . 
GE 's filing contends that the billing practices at the heart of the current controversy involved technical disputes rather than criminal activity . 
Mr. Krenz is expected to be formally named to all three positions once the nation 's parliament convenes later this week . 
If the IRS admits its error and the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to IRS inquiries or has n't contributed to continuing or compounding the error . 
It was further helped by Ford , which announced after London 's close that it had raised its stake to 12 % from just under 11 % on Tuesday . 
The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area and the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Metropolitan Police Department ( MPD ) . 
Last year , the Irish airport authority , in a joint venture with Aeroflot , opened four hard-currency duty-free shops at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo Airport . 
But Goodyear said total U.S. tire unit sales were off about 2 % . 
`` It 's going to get bloody . '' 
He noted that the `` core inflation rate , '' which excludes food and energy , was also low at 0.2 % . 
Managers and presenters insist that chamber music concerts are a hard sell , but can audiences really enjoy them only if the music is purged of threatening elements , served up in bite-sized morsels and accompanied by visuals ? 
`` When you 're at the club , you ask whether they 've spoken to ` G . ' 
But Mr. Tonkin said dealers should slash stocks to between 15 and 30 days to reduce the costs of financing inventory . 
That could cost him the chance to influence the outcome and perhaps join the winning bidder . 
`` He started building the files that helped him gain power . '' 
On May 19 , the FDA began detaining Chinese mushrooms in 68-ounce cans after more than 100 people in Mississippi , New York and Pennsylvania became ill from eating tainted mushrooms . 
In a meeting in New York yesterday , the committee put on hold instructions it gave two weeks ago to its experts to explore other options for Eastern 's future , the sources said . 
He is estimating this week 's disaster will generate insured losses of $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion , following about $ 4 billion in costs to insurers from Hurricane Hugo . 
A stock-index future is a contract to buy or sell the market value of a basket of stocks , such as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw-materials price index for September . 
If psychics do n't work , but your house still seems haunted , you can call any one of a swelling band of skeptics such as Richard Busch . 
A spokesman for McCaw said the company was `` moving forward with our financing . '' 
`` We conclude , '' the two judges wrote , `` that laches is the sole bar to the issuance of an injunction . '' 
Hyundai , the Korean market leader with a 58 % share , also plans to jump into minicars at the same time . 
Swedish rolling-steel and ball-bearing group AB SKF said its pretax profit rose 78 % to 1.78 billion kronor ( $ 278 million ) in the first nine months from one billion kronor ( $ 156 million ) in the corresponding period a year earlier . 
Under the statute , agencies are provided `` defenses that normally are n't available in the private sector , '' Mr. Ruvolo says . 
`` Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international { sales } represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , '' he said . 
With the collapse of the talks Friday , European analysts expect Ford to intensify its pursuit of British luxury car maker Jaguar PLC , which is scrambling to fend off a hostile Ford bid by negotiating a friendly alliance with Ford 's archrival , General Motors Corp . 
At the opening of the New York Mercantile Exchange , West Texas Intermediate for November delivery shot up 10 cents a barrel , to $ 20.85 , still on the belief that the refineries were damaged . 
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities . 
The two men are planning joint visits to a number of clients to attempt to smoothly hand over the reins . 
Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs , and many Indians feared their country might split apart . 
Among other services , the firm provides pre-trial opinion polls , creates profiles of `` ideal '' jurors , sets up mock trials and `` shadow '' juries , coaches lawyers and witnesses , and designs courtroom graphics . 
International Proteins Corp. definitively agreed to pay $ 49 million and 2,850,000 of its shares for Hanson PLC 's Ground Round restaurant subsidiary . 
Laboring in blue and gray overalls , they are supposed to concentrate on cleaning out crevices , and not strain their eyes looking for diamonds . 
That power can sometimes be abused , particularly since jurists in smaller jurisdictions operate without many of the restraints that serve as corrective measures in urban areas . 
A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive , admitting his role in the Pentagon procurement scandal , pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping funnel $ 400,000 to a midlevel Navy acquisition official during the early 1980s . 
The discovery of the ozone `` hole '' over Antarctica and the results of ground-based and high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations . 
The Continental junk bond offering , underwritten by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , was the only new issue priced yesterday . 
Adds Stacy Kotman , an economist at Georgia State University , `` There 's nothing positive about an earthquake , but it will probably generate more construction activity . '' 
A giant heater , working like a blowtorch , causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers . 
Most of the plans have reduced bids in case the plant fails to get a license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . 
`` I 'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody , '' the Jaguar chairman asserted yesterday . 
Sonja Steptoe and David Wilson contributed to this article . 
Since the first fraud was discovered in July 1986 at an office of the People 's Bank of China in Shenzhen , 15 major cases have been found , the paper said ; the biggest was the theft of $ 235,000 from a bank in Chengdu in March 1988 . 
Another guy who thinks they 're out there and closing fast is Whitley Strieber , whose new novel , `` Majestic '' ( Putnam , 317 pages , $ 18.95 ) , takes a look at a reported 1947 UFO crash near the Roswell Army Air Field in a New Mexico desert . 
The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using walkie-talkies , cellular phones , and a public-address system . 
Meanwhile , the average yield on taxable funds dropped nearly a tenth of a percentage point , the largest drop since midsummer . 
Moreover , Individual Inc. 's computers can weigh the value of an article based on how closely the story matches the subscriber 's interest area . 
But readers may well feel the pangs of recognition . 
Pro forma earnings for fiscal 1988 were $ 19.6 million , or 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 97.2 million . 
Net income rose 23 % to 63.52 billion yen from 51.65 billion yen . 
Investors celebrated the second anniversary of Black Monday with a buying spree in both stocks and bonds . 
`` We 're trying to take care of a heck of a lot of constituents , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
A prospectus in India does n't always tell a potential investor much . 
Brian Hemming , a spokesman for the company 's committee of independent directors , established in May to solicit and evaluate offers for the company , said it was expected to make an announcement early this morning . 
Most other junk bond issues finished a quarter-point lower on rumors that Campeau Corp. was filing for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code . 
`` There is a class of investor that wants to be exposed '' to the whole market , says Sandip Bhagat , assistant vice president at Travelers Investment Management Co . 
Some of the biggest service-industry exporters -- American financial-service companies , for example -- have yet to be fully included in our export statistics . 
The venture will be based in Indianapolis . 
Bids totaling $ 415 million were submitted , and accepted bids were at 7.986 % . 
The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
The 41-year-old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once-moribund music division in his six years at the company . 
The 30 industrials led the market higher from the opening bell as foreign buyers stepped in . 
The offer is in limbo , however , because LIN has agreed to merge its cellular-phone businesses with BellSouth Corp . 
But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for each president and his national security adviser to decide . 
Twenty years later , two California academics , Stanley Cohen and Herbert Boyer , made `` recombinant '' DNA , transplanting a toad 's gene into bacteria , which then reproduced toad genes . 
The buy-out group is headed by Paul R. Lederer , president of Parker 's automotive group , and includes several other executives of the three divisions . 
The company has n't been able to come up with a reorganization plan , in part , because of the sizable disagreement with the pension agency . 
It now will be played mostly for the record , and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible , without `` off '' days . 
CBOE Chairman Alger `` Duke '' Chapman , said that , unlike the futures market , the options exchange has to open in a rotation that allows each different options series to trade . 
The offer is in limbo , however , because LIN has agreed to merge its cellular-phone businesses with BellSouth Corp . 
Moreover , the old contract was about to expire , and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner was n't as strong as it is now . 
Expansion of my living space has produced an obvious need for maintenance and construction of suitable lawns , shrubs and bushes fitting to its suburban locale . 
`` Maybe the next day or even an hour later , I would n't have done it . '' 
LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5\/8 to 112 5\/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . 
Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year-end net was below the 1987 level . 
The predicament , he added , was similar to the Hong Kong 1982-83 property-price collapse , which exposed the involvement of Bank Bumiputra 's former subsidiary in the colony in the largest banking scandal in Malaysia 's history . 
Citibank and Chase had agreed to commit $ 3 billion , and said they were `` highly confident '' of raising another $ 4.2 billion . 
Bausch & Lomb Inc. said its pharmaceuticals subsidiary agreed to supply collagen corneal shields for animal eye surgery to a unit of International Minerals & Chemical Corp . 
An ill-mannered mountain ? 
Indeed , analysts have said that the absence of new products , among other factors , has limited sales growth throughout the industry . 
Convex makes supercomputers that sell for up to $ 2 million and has an installed base of more than 550 systems and 340 customers world-wide . 
The reduction eases the burden on portfolio changes and frees capital to seek more productive or more appropriate uses . 
Most of the mailers are free , but Denver-based Financial Programs sells , for $ 15 , a version customized to the age of the child and the college of choice . 
Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management and Budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue . 
The city 's Department of Consumer Affairs charged Newmark & Lewis Inc. with failing to deliver on its promise of lowering prices . 
Nursing Home Patients Apt to Be Private Payers 
In fact , Kidder is a minor player in just about every business it does except computer-driven program trading ; in that controversial business , only Morgan Stanley & Co. rivals Kidder . 
Fannie Mae has agreed to buy as much as $ 100 million of loans under its Seniors ' Housing Opportunities pilot program , which offers four types of loans to people 62 years of age or older to help them maintain their home or obtain housing . 
It 's also a fast fix for an ailing image . 
When Congress finally passed the Metric Conversion Act in 1975 , industry was far ahead . 
In the nine months , net rose 35 % to $ 120.1 million , or $ 1.64 a share , from $ 89.2 million , or $ 1.22 a share , a year earlier . 
They 're trying to plug the various loopholes , but they 're totally unprepared for this . '' 
The Direct Selling Association , a trade group , points out that its members , which include Amway Corp. , cooperate with the IRS to distribute tax-compliance material to sales people and are helping to prepare a public-service television program on the subject . 
PACS GIVE and receive in a debatable duet with employees ' favored charities . 
Traditional no-loads made their money by charging an annual management fee , usually a modest one ; they imposed no other fees , and many still do n't . 
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door . 
Finnish conglomerate Nokia Oy AB said it reached an agreement to buy Dutch cable company NKF Kabel B.V. for 420 million Finnish markka ( $ 99.5 million ) . 
Sony was down 130 to 8,590 . 
Distributed by the Hearst Corp. 's Eastern News , the glossy publication melds Vanity Fair 's gossipy archness and Premiere 's earnest delving into behind-the-scenes minutiae , with a special emphasis on Tinseltown as fashion trendsetter . 
Developers and money managers are looking for bargains among the thousands of financially troubled properties around the country . 
He used to be a boiler-room salesman , peddling investments in oil and gas wells and rare coins . 
Other Democrats who favor a capital-gains cut are even more pessimistic . 
`` If one city is down , the other can take over . '' 
The Fed delayed approval of First Union 's $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending a review of First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods . 
: American Suzuki Motor Corp. , Brea , Calif. , awarded its estimated $ 10 million to $ 30 million account to Asher\/Gould , Los Angeles . 
The bank acquiesced . 
Mr. Paul boasts that he spotted bargains in old masters just before they took an upward turn . 
The campaign , created by Omnicom Group 's DDB Needham agency , takes advantage of the eye-catching photography that National Geographic is known for . 
At the initial sale last night , for example -- the sale featuring the Impressionists masters -- bids totaled $ 116 million . 
In the year-earlier period , Colgate posted net income of $ 60.2 million , or 88 cents a share . 
Photonics Technology Inc. of Northwood , Ohio , aims to use a new form of plasma technology to put movie-quality images on a TV display that is 40 inches in diameter but only a few inches thick . 
-- Median household income -- which includes both those living in families and those who are n't -- rose 0.3 % last year to $ 27,225 after inflation . 
Corporate , Other Issues 
We are all fine here , although Mame was extremely freaked . 
At Winnebago , sales for the quarter fell 6 % to $ 89.5 million from $ 95.4 million a year earlier . 
I do n't know why . '' 
The lack of any new cash probably would still leave the banks dissatisfied . 
Having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to overstate the case . 
Apparently a lot , according to the British firm of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells . 
The implication that if a congressman calls about a project in his district there 's something wrong , I think is most unfortunate . '' 
She expects both revenue and profit to gain this year . 
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday . 
EAST GERMANY'S KRENZ WARNED against further pro-democracy protests . 
None of the firms reported any major damage to facilities as a result of the quake . 
But the savings will be minuscule . 
In a public opinion poll published in the October issue of Parents Magazine , a third of those queried said they believe that ghosts or spirits make themselves known to people . 
Some investment advisers are suggesting , in effect , a bet on a start-up investment pool -- maybe even on margin . 
In addition , competition has glutted the market with both skins and coats , driving prices down . 
Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 2-for-1 stock split effective Oct. 20 . 
I have a different approach to offer , not only to Californians , but to all Americans . 
Jaguar ( OTC ; Symbol : JAGRY ) 
The answer is so murky that it is beginning to get this popular president in trouble with each of the increasingly vocal , increasingly powerful sides of the abortion issue . 
El Paso owns and operates a petroleum refinery . 
Each scientist independently concluded society and government are underreacting when it comes to substantive policy change . 
But the Warner executives in their affidavits deny ever telling the producers they could get out of their written contract . 
Among major issues , Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 12\/32 , down 8\/32 point for a yield of about 9.35 % to a 12-year average life assumption . 
But overall buying interest remained strong through Monday , with many observers saying they expect the Nikkei to continue with moderate gains this week . 
A year ago , Benjamin Franklin had profit of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share . 
Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the closing or downsizing of about 25 % of its plants and a work force cut of about 1,500 over three years . 
-- Mayor Art Agnos stands in the glare of television lights trying to explain for the 20th time why the city is severely restricting access to badly damaged structures . 
Now the 33-year-old housewife , whose husband earns a modest salary as an assistant professor of economics , is saving harder than ever . 
Now , because of various difficulties , the product has been scrapped . 
Jaguar officials in the U.S. noted that Ford , as Jaguar 's largest shareholder , now has the power to call for such a meeting . 
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989-model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount . 
Richard J. Riordan was elected a director of this single-family home builder , increasing the board to nine . 
Perhaps he 'd have called for `` a decentralized political and economic system '' without a dominant communist party . 
They were disturbed at what they regarded as Dr. Baltimore 's confrontational attitude toward the Dingell committee , which held hearings on a dispute over the lab notebooks of a researcher who had co-authored a scientific paper with Dr. Baltimore . 
Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc. said it received two contracts totaling $ 19 million to build gas-turbine generators . 
`` Prime Time Live , '' a new show this season featuring Sam Donaldson and Diane Sawyer , has a studio audience that applauds and that one night ( to the embarrassment of the network ) waved at the camera like the crowd on `` Let 's Make a Deal . '' 
Mr. Allen , who teaches government at prestigious Harvey Mudd College in California and will remain a member of the commission , has spent years arguing that civil rights are individuals ' rights . 
Pacific Telesis says its Pacific Bell unit also was blocking about 50 % of its calls locally . 
Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers the publications and conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle . 
Along the way , we 're introduced to the supporting cast : a blond bombshell secretary ( Randi Brazen -- her real name , honest ) , a scheming young boss ( Fredric Lehne ) , another blonde bombshell who 's also an idealistic lawyer ( Lindsay Frost ) , and a forensics expert ( Charles Siebert ) . 
Mr. Stoll draws his title from the cuckoo 's habit of laying eggs in the nests of other birds , making them surrogate parents . 
`` Noriega managed the whole thing . 
Perhaps to debunk the analysts ' talk of over-capacity , Michael today will take some of the skeptics on a tour of its new Gaylord , Minn. , plant . 
Associated Natural Gas Corp. -- 1,400,000 common shares , via Dillon Read & Co . 
Perhaps . 
This turn of events has put a big damper on an industry that seemed almost invincible last spring , when fares were rising at double-digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near-monopolies in certain markets . 
Michael Grobstein , 46 years old , was named vice chairman for planning , marketing and industry services , a new post . 
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said . 
Possible bidders include Christopher Ondaatje , a Toronto financier and vice chairman of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , a holding company controlled by Toronto 's Bronfman family . 
Moreover , Daewoo 's domestic sales have grown half as fast as sales of its rivals . 
Sony has agreed to buy both companies , but is in a legal battle with Warner Communications Inc. over the services of producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
Unable to stop his accelerating descent , he crashes . 
The State Department says that any Khmer Rouge participation would have to be `` minimal . '' 
Messrs. Lee and Bynoe will manage the Nuggets ' day-today affairs . 
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and Federal National Mortgage Association , two dominant issuers of mortgage securities , have a sizable amount of California home loans in their mortgagebacked pools . 
Industry executives are wishing Mr. Achenbaum well . 
Investigation and taxpayer service accounts would grow to $ 1.6 billion , and Congress specifically added $ 7.4 million for stepped up criminal investigations of money laundering related to drug traffic . 
While such changes might sound minor , they are n't : Merrill Lynch manages or oversees some $ 300 billion in retail accounts that include everything from mutual funds to individual annuities . 
Mr. Threlkeld said the copper market seems to be anticipating a recession in three months , with declining use being the result . 
Amgen rose 2 1\/4 to 54 3\/4 on almost 800,000 shares , and CVB Financial jumped 4 to 41 on only 1,000 shares . 
A federal judge turned down the Chapter 11 petition . 
In responding to questions , Mr. Greenspan played down reports of tension between the Fed and the Treasury over exchange-rate policy . 
Instead of being just an ad agency , he said : `` We have redefined our mission here . 
Many larger egg producers are also egg processors , who crack , inspect , and sanitize billions of eggs , turning them into powdered , liquified or frozen egg products . 
And while setting a statutory limit of $ 1.6 billion on the automated space probe , the conference appropriated $ 30 million for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission , a successor to the Voyager space probe . 
Net income rose to a record $ 155.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 134.8 million , or 72 cents a share . 
But any move by the banks to take over Qintex Australia 's management could threaten its ability to operate its national television network under Australian broadcast license rules . 
But several other types of funds shielded investors from the worst of the market 's slide . 
`` We 're settling down to a less active period . '' 
Bonds issued by Kroger , Duracell , Safeway and American Standard also showed big gains , recovering almost all their losses from Friday and early yesterday . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... . 
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad . 
Since 40 % of skiers are parents , many slopes are building nurseries , expanding ski schools and adding entertainment for kids . 
Analysts said SKF 's results for the first nine months lived up to market expectations as brokerage firms had predicted a pretax profit of 1.74 billion to 1.86 billion kronor . 
However , companies with few catastrophe losses this year and already big buyers of reinsurance are likely to see their rates remain flat , or perhaps even decline slightly . 
The Vatican , which denies any wrongdoing , paid $ 250 million to the Milan bank 's creditors as a `` goodwill gesture '' in 1985 . 
The 62-year-old Mr. Dinkins , an ex-Marine , has served as the city clerk and as Manhattan borough president , a job with limited executive responsibilities 
Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one-time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end . 
Excluding tax credits , profit was 6 % below the second quarter . 
Merrill Lynch now provides credit rating information about the institutions whose CDs it sells , which it did n't provide in 1986 . 
On average , however , three-month CDs at major banks are yielding a tenth of a percentage point less than they were a week ago . 
Analysis of ice from the Dunde ice cap , a glacial plateau in Tibet 17,000 feet above sea level , show that average temperatures were higher in 1937-87 than in any other 50-year period since before the last Ice Age , Mr. Thompson said . 
The election , which would bring the first major union to Federal 's U.S. operations , has pitted new hires against devoted veterans such as Mr. Brown . 
Southwood J. Morcott , Dana 's president , said the company 's decision to approve its normal fourth-quarter dividend indicated its underlying strength . 
Carl Banerian Jr . Birmingham , Mich . 
Maxicare 's public shareholders will receive 2 % of the new company 's stock and warrants entitling them to acquire as much as an additional 5 % of the stock on a fully-diluted basis . 
Jackson & Walker has an office in Fort Worth , Texas , and Dotson & Scofield has an office in New Orleans . 
The vote in Ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians , who vowed to oust Ozal . 
The 150,000-square-foot plant will be constructed on a 55-acre site near Dublin . 
Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid 's tuition . 
American Medical International Inc. was dropped from the health care providers industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index . 
The action came as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake . 
`` It 's a baptism of fire for Corry , '' says one USX executive . 
Total magazine ad revenue for the same period increased 12 % to $ 4.6 billion . 
Meanwhile , SCI TV can barely pay its cash interest bill , and to stay out of bankruptcy court it must soon reschedule a lot of bank loans and junk bonds that have fallen due . 
The machine employs reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , technology . 
Mary Poulin Palo Alto , Calif. 
Meanwhile , the photographic industry , which accounts for 44 % of silver consumption , continues to look for substitutes . 
Saturday , Oct. 28 , 8-10 p.m. EDT , on HBO ( repeated Oct. 31 , Nov. 5 , 8 , 14 , 16 and 20 ) : `` Perfect Witness . '' 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
As part of the agreement with the state , the developers -- a partnership of Park Tower Realty and Prudential Insurance Co. of America -- said they would not proceed with condemnation proceedings while there was `` significant litigation '' pending . 
Shares of the new partnership would trade on an exchange like a stock . 
The heart of the business is the purchase of rice and other commodities , such as corn and coffee , from farmers in the south , paying with fertilizer , farm tools and other items . 
As you mentioned , subsidies for development on a number of barrier islands were curtailed in 1982 by the Coastal Barrier Resource System . 
Visa U.S.A. Inc . 
The nine-month results included a $ 9.5 million special charge in 1989 for an arbitration settlement related to past export sales , and $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to a former line of business and early redemption of debt . 
In early 1988 , when the three-month Eurodollar rate was between 7 % and 8 % , the three-month Hibor rate was as low as 1 % . 
Mr. Stein said some retailers -- perhaps anxious about minimizing inventories -- appear to have held back on orders in September but have been ordering more heavily in October . 
The accompanying table shows how this strategy would work for three stocks . 
The chart below shows why ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 23 , 1989 ) . 
The individual voter 's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes . 
The real income of wage-earning families in the month eased 1.2 % to 438,845 yen from the previous year . 
And Japan 's minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries told a committee of Japan 's parliament that Washington 's proposal was impractical and that Tokyo would continue to heavily subsidize its rice farmers . 
The key is how a manager from one culture can motivate employees from another . 
In all , federal outlays amounted to $ 1.143 trillion in 1989 , up 7.5 % from the previous year , the Treasury said . 
Mr. Pearce has shaken up GM 's legal staff by eliminating all titles and establishing several new functions , including a special-projects group that has made films on safety and drunk driving . 
And the winners will be the colleges , not either network . 
Because Justice Rubin turned 76 on May 9 , he is n't eligible to be reappointed to the bench at the end of the year . 
Federal authorities in New York started investigating exchanges in May , though no indictments have been handed down there . 
Meanwhile , the brokerage firms in San Francisco were trying to cope . 
In late New York trading , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen , compared with 1.8578 marks and 142.43 yen late Friday . 
Instead , they argued that impeachment aims to protect public institutions from people who have abused their positions of trust , irrespective of the outcome of prior criminal or civil cases . 
One of the reasons American students do so poorly in math tests , as compared with British , French , German or Japanese students , is the influence of the `` New Math '' on American textbooks and teaching methods . 
What he had demonstrated , he added , is that there 's more to chess than sheer calculation . 
HUNGARY ADOPTED constitutional changes to form a democratic system . 
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days . 
Stephen A. Wynn , who owns 29.4 % of Golden Nugget 's shares , says the Mirage and other projects will help Las Vegas attract a whole new generation of visitors . 
Even when it became clear this spring that demand was n't coming up to expectations , Chrysler officials `` resisted '' cutting output because Cherokee and Wagoneer are `` very profitable vehicles , '' the spokesman said . 
Michael Burns , president of Telesystems , says his concern has only benefited from the publicity surrounding the case , noting that three other charities have signed on as clients because they were impressed with the amount he raised for National Children 's . 
They would like to retrieve some appliances on the second floor , but wonder if it 's safe to venture inside . 
In many of these deals , `` venture capitalists had the inside track , '' says Lawrence Bock of Avalon Ventures , La Jolla , Calif . 
That 's a headache for long-term investors , since it forces them to reinvest their money -- usually at lower rates than the original mortgage securities carried . 
Japan plans to send the Chinese back home and is negotiating with the Chinese government , a Justice Ministry official said . 
Most foreign government bonds markets were quiet . 
MCA strongly opposed the Drabinsky group 's move . 
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left-wing lady friend for consorting with such people . 
Other market-maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market . 
Conference negotiator Rep. Bill Hefner pulled down $ 40 million in military bases for North Carolina and graciously allowed Senator James Sasser $ 70 million for bases in Tennessee . 
According to federal officials and drug-industry studies , nearly half of the 1.6 billion prescriptions filled each year are n't used properly , meaning that money is wasted on some prescriptions and patients are deprived of the benefits of medication . 
Rep. Edwards voices the traditional conservative view that it 's a mistake to put too much power in the hands of a single person . 
Another factor was that customers were asking , `` Why do n't you give us a cheaper system ? '' Mr. Jobs said at a conference on university computing here . 
The loss of 40 jobs by a depressed county in rural Missouri is hardly of national importance except for this : If the most environmentally safe way of dealing with a national problem can not be built in Atchinson County , what hope have we for dealing with the wastes our economy produces ? 
For example , one parakeet owner returning home found that her apartment , like many others in the Marina , did n't have heat . 
A Tucson Electric spokesman said the utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision and `` concerned about the financial integrity of the company . 
Keep your Thomas Jeffersons , or St. Augustines or Michelangelos ; I 'd take baseball 's Flying Scot without hesitation . '' 
But the next important piece of news on the economy 's health -- this morning 's release of the national purchasing manager 's survey for October -- could prompt investors into action . 
Volume was 449.3 million shares , the slowest of a hectic week , compared with 643.4 million Tuesday . 
The company `` ca n't be bullish if they 're doing a sizable 30-year bullet , '' said one analyst . 
Geoffrey Kalmus , counsel to the official creditors committee , said that under the United Illuminating plan , unsecured creditors would be paid in full credits and interest of about $ 855 million , accrued before PS of New Hampshire 's Jan. 1988 filing for bankruptcy court protection . 
As late as the 1890s , the Russian government prevented any coverage of famines . 
The conventional wisdom is to go into money funds when rates are rising and shift out at times such as the present , when rates seem headed down . 
Last week , many Jaguar shareholders took their money and ran . 
The damage will undoubtedly prove to be one of the epic human and economic disasters of the decade in this country . 
Last year , Eastern had a quarter loss of $ 1.7 million , or eight cents a share . 
`` If the number is a little better , then copper will respond positively , if it is worse then more selling could ensue , '' she predicted . 
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today . 
The price plummeted after a proposed leveraged buy-out of the airline fell through . 
The series is scheduled to resume Tuesday evening in San Francisco . 
In the asset-backed market , Beneficial Corp. offered $ 248 million of securities backed by home-equity loans , the second large deal in the past week . 
At least six of Arizona 's 12 savings and loan institutions have either been taken over by the government 's conservatorship program or are essentially insolvent ; they are sitting on enormous unrecognized losses . 
Robert White , manager of corporate trading at First Interstate of California , called the market `` psychologically pro-mark , '' noting that the U.S. remains a `` veritable grab bag '' for Japanese investors which accounts for the unabated demand for U.S. dollars . 
Colony banks have a major stake in how interest rates move because of their enormous Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
The golden share restricts any individual holding to 15 % and expires at the end of 1990 . 
Mr. Rahn was pointing out an elephant rumbling through Wall Street while conventional wisdom had fastened on the UAL flea . 
I think Peter even made some deals with the gorillas . '' 
Sanford Kane , U.S. Memories president , said the decision was `` disappointing , '' but does n't presage U.S. Memories ' failure . 
In that case , Guber Peters acquired the rights in 1979 , nursed the movie through a dozen scripts , and were on the set in London for 11 months hovering over the most minute changes in casting and production . 
Company expects to be fully operational by next week . 
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n't be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies . 
America 's financial markets do not yet have all the required modern features required to make them fully `` aftershock-resistant . '' 
The share buy-back plan is likely to underpin B.A.T 's share price . 
Detrex is setting aside $ 3.1 million for the cleanup , but said the reserve reduced its quarterly income by only $ 1.9 million because of tax considerations . 
Shareholder equity improved to 4.68 % from 4.23 % in the previous quarter . 
`` Soon it 'll be so crowded , '' a narrator complains , `` that people will start eating each other . '' 
In return , Mrs. Thatcher is excoriated from Fleet Street to Paris as an obstructionist . 
A spy was born . 
Operating profit of $ 37.2 million was unchanged . 
They led for nary an inning in the four games , and managed to stir their fans only once . 
When the jolt is timed just right , the subjects do n't recall seeing the first group of letters . 
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board . 
`` We 've seen cases where salesmen will affect the accent of the region of the country they are calling . 
Other plans generally would n't pay unsecured creditors ' interest accrued since the filing . 
Unfortunately , the comment was buried in another article , so it could not stand out in an education context . 
The company also said it will adopt new accounting standards in the first quarter . 
The Little Rock , Ark. , department-store retailer said proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt . 
The company said third-quarter sales are expected to increase 25 % from $ 3.12 billion of last year 's third quarter . 
Last season , lift-ticket sales fell for the first time in seven years . 
However , these discount purchase rights may generally be redeemed at a nominal cost by the corporation 's directors if they approve of a bidder . 
And because British Air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares , the share price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market . 
Next year may see a drop of one percentage point . 
A spokeswoman for the state 's Office of Court Administration declined to comment on the suit . 
Mr. Edelson could n't be reached for comment . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Aer Rianta is talking about similar joint ventures in Tashkent and in Sochi , a Black Sea resort , and even has a computer-assembly project cooking with the Georgian city of Tbilisi . 
Soon we have our limit of the shimmering fish stippled in rose-gold and black . 
The report follows five-consecutive declines in full monthly figures . 
ONE DAY Carl Barrett of Mobile , Ala. , was raking some sycamore leaves , but the rake kept riding up over the piles . 
Nevertheless , he said , he is negotiating with Plant Genetic to acquire the technology to try breeding hybrid cotton . 
Who that winner will be is highly uncertain . 
The true budgetary cost of a credit subsidy is the discounted value of the net costs to government . 
President Bush has the power to change how Washington works , if only he will use it . 
It 's ironic that David Boren should be in the center of this mire . 
Gerald E. Wilson , corporate secretary and legal counsel , said the company would n't disclose further details . 
`` We were unprepared for the deterioration in net exports , '' said Daniel Van Dyke , vice president of U.S. forecasting at Bank of America in San Francisco . 
For one thing , it may be tough to attract people because skiing is still expensive : a lift ticket can cost up to $ 35 a day and equipment prices are rising . 
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . '' 
My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking . 
But the gains in Treasury bonds were pared as stocks staged a partial recovery . 
An Applied Solar spokesman said completion is expected at the end of the year or early next year . 
Although Columbia had a good summer with `` Ghostbusters II '' and `` When Harry Met Sally , '' rivals such as Warner , Paramount Pictures , Walt Disney Co. and Universal Studios have been thrashing Columbia at the box office . 
Lynn Staley , the Globe 's assistant managing editor for design , acknowledges that the visages were `` on the low end of the likeness spectrum . '' 
You go into them because they move counter to the general market . '' 
The company has made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization . 
USA Today reported that the Rales brothers , Washington , D.C.-based investors who made an unsuccessful offer to acquire Interco last year , have bought nearly 3 % of Mead 's common shares . 
There are more than 650 stocks on which options may be bought and sold , including some over-the-counter stocks . 
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios . 
Moreover , the extensive program in effect establishes a floor for the stock price , said Joel Price , analyst for Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
The cost of a 900 call is set by the originator -- ABC Sports , for example -- with the cheapest starting at 75 cents . 
Later , Mr. Dinkins became more deeply indebted to Mr. Sutton and other city pols , including then-City Council President Paul O'Dwyer , when they helped him get appointed city clerk , a largely ceremonial post responsible for the city 's marriage bureau , among other things . 
All of the Big Three suffered in the just-ended period , however , with sales of all domestically made cars , including those built at Japanese-managed plants , falling 19 % to 158,863 from a year earlier . 
`` It 's gotten to the point where if the case is large enough , it 's almost malpractice not to use them , '' he says . 
Last year , the total women 's fashion jewelry business topped $ 4.9 billion , says Karen Alberg , editor of Accessories magazine . 
But unofficially , senior navy officials sharply criticize the Rafale as an air force plane ill-suited to carrier use . 
Sansui Electric agreed to sell a 51 % stake to Polly Peck of Britain for $ 110 million . 
Commodore has said it expects sales to rebound , but market researchers have said that sales of the low-end products may finally be trailing off . 
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry . 
For example , today the Department of Commerce is scheduled to release the September durable goods report . 
Last summer , in response to congressional criticism , the State Department and the CIA said they had resumed military aid to the resistance months after it was cut off ; but it is not clear how much is being sent or when it will arrive . 
But the nations of Europe and North America have decided they know better . 
Mr. Buffett 's firm , Berkshire Hathaway , holds a much bigger stake in the carrier than Mr. Steinhardt 's firm , Steinhardt Partners . 
A policewoman had to be called in to make her leave ; the policewoman helped carry out one last load . 
Adm. Goupil said the navy ca n't wait until 1998 , when the naval Rafale becomes available , to replace its obsolete fleet of American-made Crusaders , used since the 1950s to protect carriers from attack . 
He speaks only in Filipino . 
Chrysler 's operating profit fell to a scant $ 22 million , or 10 cents a share , its lowest quarterly total in seven years . 
The talk of a sales tax rise follows a rebuff from Congress on the question of how much the federal government is willing to spend to aid in California 's earthquake relief efforts . 
Virginia Commonwealth University sociologist David Bromley , who more than any other researcher has delved into the complex world of Unificationist finances , has concluded that profitable operations in the U.S. have been the exceptions rather than the rule . 
Sears posted a 16 % drop in third-quarter profit as U.S. retail operations recorded the first loss in over five years . 
LOTUS DEVELOPMENT Corp. 's net income rose 61 % in the third quarter from the year-earlier period . 
`` And you ca n't have taxpayers coming into an audit hearing ` oohs ' and ` ahs . ' '' 
Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , makes aluminum sheet and foil products at its Hannibal , Ohio , and Jackson , Tenn. , rolling mills and recycles aluminum at a plant in Bens Run , W.Va . 
Treasury Securities 
Rising in the firm , he became powerful and bland , though his new wife , Susan , made him shine in the gossip columns with her profligate spending habits and flamboyant frocks . 
Moreover , after 26 years at Ogilvy he had honed a reputation for being squeaky-clean and a straight arrow -- which can only help American Express in the wake of the Safra incident . 
Until recently , such buy-now , pray-for-growth-later deals were routine . 
He says these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors , reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets , seek safer securities . 
-- The top fifth of all families got 44 % of the income , up from 41.5 % a decade earlier . 
But Mr. Schulte , the bondholders ' adviser , said Revco was dragging its feet in responding to the proposal . 
But it is n't clear how long GM would be willing to fight Ford for Jaguar . 
Under government regulations , however , foreign ownership of Picop 's equity is limited to 40 % . 
Wellman stock closed Friday at 39 3\/8 , up 1\/8 ; Mr. Sloan thinks that in a year it could hit 60 . 
The Old Crowd is deeply concerned by the backlash from all this . 
The government defines excessive profits as those above the average realized for other similar-sized properties in an area . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 827.9 million from $ 804.3 million . 
When the shah died , President Carter was so scared that the shah 's ghost would blame him for shoving him out to make way for the ayatollah that he declared the Carter Doctrine . 
`` At this price , $ 18 plus or minus , and with costs being significantly less than they were several years ago , the economics are pretty good , '' says George Kadane , head of the company . 
`` I sprinkle a little around and tell the demons to leave . 
Harvard 's Laurence Tribe was the constitutional heavy , laying out legal strategies for the senators and witnesses to follow . 
Separately , the Houston concern said it signed letters of intent for the cash and stock purchases of a total of 29 well-servicing rigs from two concerns located in New Mexico and California . 
The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by House and Senate defense authorizing committees , and -- at a time of retrenchment for the military and concern about the U.S. 's standing in the world economy -- overseas spending is most vulnerable . 
But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well ; incompetent principals and administrators should go , but the good ones ought to be left alone . 
Pemex 's customers also are pleased with the company 's new spirit . 
( In case you have forgotten , his name was Rudolph Dirks . ) 
It also awarded $ 196,785 in back bonuses to former trader Michael Newcomb and $ 69,105 in fees to the two men 's attorneys . 
`` It 's a vicious circle , '' says Art Modell , owner of the Cleveland Browns . 
The composite finished up 0.7 % from last Friday 's close . 
The show also signals Mr. Vila 's return as a television celebrity . 
And it just launched a promotional campaign to tell chief executives , marketing directors , and media executives just that . 
Though Mr. Packer has since sold his stake , Courtaulds is moving to keep its institutional shareholders happy . 
`` Read my lips , '' said Mr. Smith . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders and one clerk at the two big Chicago exchanges . 
He adds , however , that `` the momentum we have generated is unstoppable . 
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces . 
Says a spokeswoman for the Brussels Bourse : `` Nobody around here will tell you they are happy the system did n't work . 
The U.S. 's interest in Somalia consists of a single runway at the port of Berbera , which U.S. military aircraft have the right to use for surveillance of the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean . 
With newspapers being the largest single component of solid waste in our landfills , and with our country overflowing with trash , all sectors of our society and all types of businesses must become more responsible in our use and disposal of precious natural resources . 
The highlight : a `` fragrance control system . '' 
It has n't been operating since May 15 because of attacks by native landowners . 
Remic mortgage securities was launched by a Morgan Stanley group . 
Valley National said it made the decision on the basis of an `` overall assessment of the marketplace '' and the condition of its loan portfolio and after reviewing it with federal regulators . 
President Carlos Salinas de Gortari used the army to oust La Quina , who reigned for 28 years over a graft-riddled empire that made state-run Petroleos Mexicanos , or Pemex , one of the world 's most inefficient oil companies . 
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. and the failure of banks to deliver financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. has reverberated through some of the nation 's largest law firms . 
Revenue rose to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.18 billion , mostly from acquisition of AGS Computers and robust non-regulated businesses . 
All of the term bonds are original issue discount bonds , according to the lead underwriter . 
Borden even tested a milk with 4 % butterfat in the South , but decided the market was too small . 
Second-tier companies are receiving even less per ton . 
Duplicating research is both costly and time-consuming for a start-up , Ms. Emyanitoff says . 
Then there is the artifical sea wall , 600 yards long and 60 yards thick , jutting into the ocean . 
Rewards have been suggested -- but never adopted -- for filers who come through TCMP audits without change . 
In a memorandum describing the guidelines , Assistant Attorney General Edward Dennis Jr. said that government efforts to freeze defendants ' assets pending racketeering prosecutions `` have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press . '' 
New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a 20-year-old commitment to this system of school governance , even as Chicago and other cities are moving to institute it . 
The appeals court disagreed on both counts . 
Investors have been speculating for weeks about the market 's ability to place the $ 7 billion to $ 10 billion of new junk bonds scheduled to be sold by year end . 
For a short time after June 4 , it appeared that the trade picture would remain fairly bright . 
`` Thank God we have some deal on the table , '' said Stewart Gilchrist , a director at Scottish Amicable Investment Managers , which intends to vote its roughly 1 % stake in favor of the restructuring . 
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds . 
Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days . 
The nation 's No. 2 aluminum company said earnings were hurt by lower prices for certain fabricated aluminum products , which typically follow price fluctuations of primary ingots . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 28 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 27 . 
A $ 575 million San Antonio , Texas , electric and gas system revenue bond issue dominated the new issue sector . 
`` I hate to dignify the publication by commenting on the obscene rating , '' Mayor Carolyn Robinson says , adding that cities have no way to rebut the book . 
At least once Mancuso 's boss yells `` In here -- now , '' and proceeds to dress his investigator down : 
Instead , Congress 's idea of reform is to increase this slush fund by $ 28.4 million . 
Its tax base is shrinking , a $ 1 billion budget deficit looms , and the city faces contract negotiations with all major municipal unions next year . 
Without such reforms , credit programs will continue to be a large-scale , high-risk proposition for taxpayers . 
While not officially an executive at Continental during Mr. Corr 's tenure , Mr. Lorenzo is known for keeping close tabs on Texas Air 's operating units . 
To more than replace the wood from two English oaks used for paneling at Paul Stuart , however , Mr. McDonough and friends planted 1,000 acorns around the country . 
PAPERS : 
The letter outlines broad powers for an independent group of directors provided for in the revised offer . 
As a result , the OEX insurance may or may not fully protect an investor 's holdings in the event of a market decline . 
B.A.T has been London 's best-performing blue chip over the past six months , up 40 % against a 4 % rise in the Financial Times 100-Share Index . 
Mr. Broberg , who started with the now-defunct Washington Senators , says that when he left baseball in 1978 , he `` never looked back . '' 
Neither Mr. Addison nor any other Southern Co. official has been charged with any wrongdoing in connection with the current inquiries . 
But sales in the oil-patch state of Texas surged 12.9 % and sales in South Carolina jumped 10.6 % in the period , the New York trade group said . 
They only know of one use for the crop , as a laxative , and with psyllium prices currently languishing in the wake of a bumper crop , they think of the seed as a marginal crop , something to grow between summer wheat crops . 
But analysts said that against the backdrop of a nearly 40-point rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , that should n't necessarily be taken as a sign of great strength . 
The exchange , he says , must find new products and new markets . 
Society Corp. already has branches in the area , and selling the Trustcorp offices could avoid a problem with regulators over excessive concentration of banking in the two counties after the merger of Trustcorp into Society , according to industry sources . 
Tandy 's decision is a second setback for U.S. Memories . 
`` Wage increases and overall compensation increases are beginning to curl upward a little bit , '' said Audrey Freedman , a labor economist at the Conference Board , a business research organization . 
GMAC said its automotive financing and leasing business rose 35 % in the U.S. , largely because of dealer and customer incentives used to boost sales . 
-- Chemical named James Kennedy , a trader in swaps contracts for the bank , to assume Mr. Edelson 's duties and to be trading manager for derivative products , including swaps and interest-rate options . 
The largest financial issues , as measured by the Nasdaq financial index , tumbled 3.23 to 
The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller ( D. , Calif. ) , a sponsor of the bill . 
Great Western Financial said third-quarter profit rose slightly to $ 68.4 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 67.9 million , or 53 cents a share , from a year ago . 
Weighing 6.7 pounds with battery , the notebook measures 8.2 by 11.7 inches , has a 20-megabyte hard disk drive and boasts a backlit screen that is 22 % larger than Compaq 's . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.46 billion . 
`` It 's a shocker , '' said Joseph Di Lillo , chairman of Drake Capital Securities , a brokerage firm that has an investment in Qintex Entertainment . 
At a news conference this week , Bank of Japan Gov. Satoshi Sumita cautioned banks to take a `` prudent '' stance regarding highly leveraged deals . 
`` Get caught and you 're dead in the water , '' says Mr. Thal . 
Margins on the futures exchanges typically are raised and lowered according to market volatility . 
GM 's Cadillac division , ignoring Detroit 's long-held maxim that safety does n't sell , is airing television commercials touting its cars ' safety features . 
By some estimates , Brazil 's internal debt , or combined public deficit , could reach 6.5 % of its $ 351 billion gross domestic product . 
ShowBiz Pizza Time gained 1 1\/2 to 13 . 
Some financial sources said privately that Paribas blundered in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group , bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price . 
`` So far , this list does n't change our view . 
Ray Garrett Jr. , SEC chairman , said the `` breadth and depth of the discounting is more than I expected . '' 
`` It 's like everyone climbing out of the QE II and getting into a lifeboat , '' says John Jacobson , an analyst with AUS Consultants . 
The case is pending . 
Some flight attendants on charter planes are putting in 20-hour work days , the study found . 
Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day , finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears about a wave of government borrowing coming soon . 
Prenatal diagnosis of genetic defects as early as the sixth week of pregnancy is increasingly common today . 
Last month , the complaints intensified and the massages ended . 
That has outraged some fans . 
Ogilvy & Mather , whose declining profitability prompted its takeover by WPP Group earlier this year , will see its profit margins bounce back to the `` 11.5 % range '' in 1990 , said Graham Phillips , the agency 's new chairman-elect . 
Mr. Weil of Weil & Associates said he will remain at $ 1 a share for next year but said he wonders whether even that low target is at risk . 
Mr. Cathcart , who will return to the Quaker Oats Co. board of directors , in addition to his personal ventures , is credited with bringing some basic budgeting and planning discipline to traditionally free-wheeling Kidder . 
Despite the inflation news , several Fed officials still fear consumer-price pressures will intensify because they insist the economy is stronger than generally believed . 
Source : PaineWebber Inc . 
But Ms. McCraw says the magazine is fighting back . 
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery rose $ 1.30 to $ 368.70 an ounce in moderate trading . 
When Michael S. Perry took the podium at a recent cosmetics industry event , more than 500 executives packing the room snapped to attention . 
International Technology Corp. and Davy McKee Corp. , a unit of London 's Davy Corp. , said they were awarded a $ 55 million contract by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the closure of the Helen Kramer Landfill Superfund site in Mantua Township , N.J . 
The loss came after a $ 23.3 million addition to loan-loss reserves . 
Mr. Nadeau said he could n't yet say if the sale prices would match book values . 
Tons of delectably rotting potatoes , barley and wheat will fill damp barns across the land as thousands of farmers turn the state 's buyers away . 
While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk-top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co . 
On Monday , U.S. officials received a routine , unclassified message from the military group commander in Panama . 
Declaring that there was life after Congress , he resigned almost immediately after media reports questioned the propriety of a 1986 junk-bond investment , before any official investigations took hold . 
Other stocks in the Dow industrials that failed to benefit from the market 's rebound included United Technologies , which dropped 1 to 53 5\/8 , and Bethle hem Steel , which fell 1 to 16 7\/8 . 
Pension funds rarely own as much as a 20 % stake in what is expected to be a publicly traded company . 
The key issue in the case , which the law firm is handling without a fee , or pro bono , is whether a person sentenced to death can voluntarily waive his rights of appellate review . 
Mitsubishi Trust & Banking Corp . ( Japan ) -- 200 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with a fixed 0.75 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
USED-CAR BUYERS who try to avoid sales tax by understating prices paid in private deals are the targets of a New York drive . 
The team then proposed modifications in their work process to management . 
Citing figures on home-equity loans , he notes that `` 11 % of homeowners had home-equity credit accounts , but the proportion rises to 16 % of homeowners in the $ 45,000-$60,000 income range and 23 % of homeowners with income above $ 60,000 . '' 
The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions , but instead profits by buying or selling for less than the overall package price . 
A Boeing spokesman responded : `` All along the company has said there was no grounds for criminal prosecution . 
Cray Research Inc. won government clearance for its proposed reorganization of founder Seymour Cray 's supercomputer design team into a separate company . 
Mr. Bakker said he was guilty of sin but not fraud . 
`` That 's my job -- get { policyholders } what they 're entitled to , '' says Bill Schaeffer , a claims supervisor who flew in from Aetna 's Bridgeport , Conn. , office . 
Details of the plan , which would go into effect in 1993 , are sketchy , but each player would apparently be paid a base salary keyed to his position and ability . 
Sen. Boren said , `` It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future . 
So far , no ally has complained openly , preserving the impression that NATO is in line with the Bush position that a quick agreement bringing Soviet conventional forces down to parity with NATO is the West 's top bargaining priority . 
In general , they say , avoid takeover stocks . 
American Cyanamid is a Wayne , N.J. , chemicals , drugs and fertilizer concern . 
Eventually little French farmers and their little French farmwives came out of their stone houses and put their hands above their tiny eyes and squinted at us . 
The U.S. , along with Britain and Singapore , left the agency when its anti-Western ideology , financial corruption and top leadership got out of hand . 
By 1979 , designers and engineers at Dictaphone , a Pitney Bowes subsidiary , had produced a working model of a `` picocassette '' recorder . 
Short-term rates were little changed . 
Domestic demand continues to grow , but its contribution to higher production was sapped in September by the estimated 2 % fall in imports , accompanied by a growing tendency for Japanese manufacturers to build vehicles overseas , according to the association . 
Whitbread now intends to bolster its brewing interests , in an effort to grab a share of sales to free houses . 
And financially strapped Jaguar has spent over a year looking for a rich uncle to provide cash and technological know-how . 
Kansas Power said Mr. Black , 61 , chose early retirement . 
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value . 
He lived with her . 
The federal government is n't even attempting yet to estimate how much the earthquake will cost it . 
The Fed also has the power to set margin requirements . 
Baltimore attorney Michael A. Pretl and 17 other attorneys representing 18,136 claimants in the U.S. and abroad argue that the appeal would delay -- and perhaps even destroy -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan . 
Some producers of polyethylene , figuring the inventory reductions are near an end , have announced price boosts . 
`` You could see massive gyrations here because it 's such a thinly traded market , '' says Jonathan S. Paris , a vice president of European Investors Inc. , a New York investment-management firm . 
There was a wanted poster offering `` Rewards for the Arrest of Express and Train Robbers Frank James and Jesse W. James '' and the original Pinkerton 's logo with an open eye and the inscription `` We Never Sleep , '' which inspired the phrase `` private eye . '' 
`` It 's all I think about or talk about . '' 
In joining MIPS , Control Data follows several competitors in embracing RISC as a new design approach . 
Governors have found that they have to use the device sparingly to maintain political comity . 
Under the proposal , Delmed would issue about 123.5 million additional Delmed common shares to Fresenius at an average price of about 65 cents a share , though under no circumstances more than 75 cents a share . 
Its stock closed at $ 38 , up $ 1.875 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
The highest-rated show continues to be ABC 's `` Roseanne . '' 
But it has only the Fed to pursue price-level stability . 
Furthermore , the regulatory maneuvering behind First Interstate 's loss suggests regulators have concluded that lenders ' reserves are far too low to absorb their future Arizona losses and are forcing bankers to do something about it . 
The deal would require approval by a majority of Jaguar shareholders . 
Georgia Gulf Corp. , hurt by declining sales and falling chemical prices , said third-quarter earnings fell 13 % to $ 46.1 million from $ 53.1 million in the year-earlier period . 
Primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes time , patience , breadth of vision and negotiating skills that not all developers possess . 
As previously reported , the account is troubled , with Philip Morris asking Backer Spielvogel Bates , Ogilvy & Mather , and possibly others to try their hand at developing new creative work . 
Now his ghost wo n't let up till it 's done . 
( Within her garden , she has decreed a waterfall , a rill , ponds and other costly , trivial waterworks beside the Hudson . ) 
`` The crime goes to character , '' says Ron Maiorana , a consultant to the Giuliani campaign . 
Daiwa House advanced 100 to 2,610 , Misawa Homes was up 60 at 2,940 , and Sekisui House gained 100 to 2,490 . 
Undaunted , Mr. Dozen said that Daiwa 's goal is to build `` a high-technology oriented international organization with maybe some Japanese flavor to it . '' 
Ponce Federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
Both moves are effective today . 
It was n't clear where Santa Fe Pacific expected to obtain the payment of more than $ 500 million , which would be well above the $ 400 million that California pension fund officials say they plan to provide . 
One would force brokerage houses to provide the SEC detailed information about loans made by their holding companies . 
Such loans often are used to finance leveraged buy-outs , and the agency is worried that a sharp market drop could create capital problems for the firms . 
But most of them , led by Morgan Stanley & Co. , moved back in earlier this year . 
An official with lead underwriter First Boston said orders for the San Antonio bonds were `` on the slow side . '' 
`` We lent a lot of money all over the place , '' said Tan Sri Basir , who refused to discuss the bank 's outstanding loans to 
c - Translated at Commercial Rand exchange rate . 
Meanwhile , some California issues were down a touch more than the broad market , but traders said there had n't been much investor selling because of the quake . 
However , Aetna 's employee benefits division , which includes its group health insurance operations , posted a 34 % profit gain to $ 106 million . 
One wonders how other college athletic officials would behave under the same circumstances . 
Buying interest in Du Pont , which declared a stock split and a dividend boost , and certain other blue-chip issues gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes . 
Among those are the 1,850 acres in the San Francisco Bay area , including 208 acres in the Mission Bay area . 
On a pretax basis , Itel 's third-quarter earnings of 30 cents a share were actually 7.14 % higher than the average of estimates . 
The Dow Jones industrials sank 26.23 points , to 2662.91 . 
At one point yesterday morning , the Dow was down 80.53 points . 
The Stamford , Conn. , power-generation products and services company said per-share earnings were 56 cents compared with the year-ago loss of $ 2.39 . 
As there is an effort to `` anchor the dollar '' either to gold or other currencies , the dispute is worth examining . 
President Bush has endorsed the idea , and at least 50 sitting Senators have voted to support enhanced rescission authority in the past . 
She urges client couples to begin a `` detoxification '' period , purging social and other nonproductive activities and setting time apart for themselves . 
In the two weeks since the rebellion , which the U.S. hesitantly backed , Mr. Noriega has been at his most brutal - and efficient - in maintaining power . 
d - Percent change greater than 999 % . 
World-wide consumer product sales declined 12 % , primarily because of the European cosmetics sale . 
`` There 's a 99 % chance that the Fantasy will be delivered close to schedule , '' said Caroline Levy , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Senior members of the House Budget Committee are reduced in frustration to raising doomed parliamentary obstacles to individual bills , yet admit that much of the disorder now stems from the fiscal legerdemain associated with their own summit agreement with the White House this past spring . 
Why did East Bloc participants unanimously endorse market-based pollution approaches ? 
Meanwhile , some currency traders at West German banks in Frankfurt said they sold dollars on the news and had to buy them back later at higher prices . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : 
`` What you 're really asking is , Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? '' he says . 
The official poverty threshold is set by the Office of Management and Budget . 
This left the computer with a broader range of plausible replies -- and it immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn , to the neglect of kingside development . 
My revolutionary system is also useful for those who have tried customary forms of growing their currency cushion . 
Without the increase in defense bookings , September orders would have plummeted 3.9 % . 
But he and Dr. Yonehara said there were still several uncertainties , particularly regarding possible side effects . 
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so-called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year . 
Dismissing the trade group 's numbers left traders plenty of time to worry anew about the latest reports on OPEC production . 
Because of the tax consequences of zero-coupon investments -- income tax is payable in the year interest is accrued , although interest is n't actually paid until maturity -- zero-coupon CDs are usually sold for tax-advantaged accounts to finance things like retirement and children 's education . 
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares . 
Many Japanese think it only natural that the organizations or their members would donate to politicians , the way many Japanese do , to win favor or support . 
Lloyd 's said there are currently 115 open account years involving 68 of the market 's roughly 360 syndicates . 
But Japanese institutions shied away from bidding on the high-profile tower out of fear their purchase of the property would trigger anti-Japanese sentiment . 
`` For a woman whose period is late , using RU-486 means no waiting , no walking past picket lines at abortion clinics , and no feet up in stirrups for surgery , '' burbles health writer Laura Fraser . 
By replacing the frame 's steel lugs with titanium ones , Mr. Sinyard 's company plans to make its next generation of frames even lighter . 
Their only doubt concerned the possibility that Mr. Gorbachev might not survive the opposition that his reforms would arouse and that the whole process might be reversed . 
The government is funding several projects to push PC use . 
After completing installation of the jackets on `` one frame '' of the freeway last year , the state DOT had sent the project over to its Sacramento engineers to draw up a final design . 
`` Profits at Christmas could be under attack for every retailer , '' asserts Norman Abramson , president and chief operating officer of Clothestime Inc. , an off-price chain . 
For the nine months , the company posted a 14 % rise in profit to $ 469.8 million , or $ 2.21 a share , from $ 410.3 million , or $ 1.95 a share . 
East Germany , it is clear , is no Poland , where the Communist Party now shares power with the democratically elected Solidarity union . 
-- Global reciprocity . 
Volume totaled 14,560,000 shares . 
His business success made him an official target in pre-reform days . 
However , Bear Stearns has never had an unprofitable year since its founding 65 years ago . 
The collagen corneal shield helps speed healing of the cornea after eye surgery . 
The jury found them guilty of conspiracy in obtaining the payments , some of which were disguised as fees for consulting services from Mrs. Garcia . 
At the GOP convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment . 
The Labor Department said wage settlements in the third quarter called for average annual wage increases of 3.6 % in the first year and 3.0 % over the life of the contracts . 
Companies might be able to tell salespeople daily , for instance , about idle equipment , so they could offer discounts on whatever that equipment produces . 
Ambassador Katz said the U.S. was open to discussing particular problems of developing countries . 
March 24 , 1986 : 
Insurance analysts say the exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $ 600 million in aviation losses ( including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie , Scotland ) and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September 's Hurricane Hugo . 
A month later , Mr. Jefferies was spared a jail term by a federal judge who praised him for helping the government . 
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass . 
The former executives were indicted last October on charges of fraud , theft and conspiracy related to efforts by the company to win $ 400 million in Postal Service contracts . 
Meanwhile , the average yield on six-month CDs of more than $ 90,000 fell to 7.93 % in the latest week , according to Banxquote , from 8.10 % the week before . 
Lawsuits over the harm caused by DES have flooded federal and state courts in the past decade . 
The $ 55 million gain on the sale was offset by lower interest income , poorer results from foreign-exchange trading and a $ 9 million loss on the sale of a unit , Securities Settlement Corp . 
For there is an emerging protocol -- indeed , an etiquette -- to it . 
The two said they must still do more laboratory tests , then experiment on animals . 
Other tax breaks also are likely to be restored or created in the coming months as special interest groups try to undo the 1986 tax overhaul . 
Polish peasants , spurning the collectivizers , were once a source of shame to orthodox Communists . 
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings . 
The slowdown also results from chronic energy and raw-materials shortages that force many factories to restrict operations to two or three days a week . 
One participant prematurely declared that America has had a free market in goods but a planned economy for environmental protection , while Poland represents the opposite . 
Perhaps more important , both companies share Mr. Andersson 's belief in the coming renaissance of base industries . 
At about 10:40 a.m. EDT , several big buy orders hit the S&P pit simultaneously , lifting the futures up out of the trading limit and eventually into ranges that caused computer-driven program buying of stocks . 
Sears then went back to AEW , the Boston pension adviser that had proposed a convertible debt deal during the first round of bids last spring . 
Silver , now trading around $ 5 an ounce , surged to an all-time peak of $ 50 an ounce in January 1980 from around $ 9 in mid-1979 . 
Shamir said Tuesday that he was prepared to risk a policy conflict with the U.S. over an Egyptian plan to hold direct Israeli-Palestinian talks , which the premier 's Likud bloc opposes . 
Convertible mortgages have become an increasingly popular way to finance prestigious buildings of late . 
Though the trading halts are offered as a sign of concern about recent stock market volatility , most Wall Street firms remain open to handle program trading for customers . 
A report by the staff of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress released yesterday concluded , `` It is misleading to make this change without adjusting for other changes . '' 
But to Mitsubishi Estate , the acquisition has just the elements that should win support from both sides . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Vermont American common closed at $ 39.75 , off 25 cents . 
Dun & Bradstreet noted that price competition in its Nielsen Marketing Research , Nielsen Clearing House and Donnelley Marketing businesses also restrained revenue growth . 
Mr. Conlon was executive vice president and director of the equity division of the international division of Nikko Securities Co . 
The glut and consequent lower prices , combined with cancer fears , was a very serious blow to growers . 
In April , when many of them bought their CDs , six-month certificates were yielding more than 9 % ; investors willing to look could find double-digit yields at some banks and thrifts . 
Does Mr. Steinhardt regret his incursion into the takeover-threat game ? 
Dealers said some defensive investors were buyers of mortgages , as were dealers seeking collateral for REMICs priced earlier last week . 
`` One reason they use Newport Beach is that it sounds swankier than most addresses , '' says David Katz , a U.S. attorney who , until recently , headed a multi-agency Southern California fraud task force . 
These complex products require close monitoring because each must be valued separately in light of current market conditions . 
Continental Bank Corp. 's third-quarter net income slipped 11 % despite a big gain from the sale of the company 's London headquarters building . 
But it is unfair to dump on teachers , as distinct from the educational establishment . 
In fact , much of the buying in blue chips yesterday was a pursuit of companies with lower debt levels . 
They focused on chromosome 17 . 
Then he would move his movement to Europe . 
Psyllium is an annual herb , Plantago ovata , that has been used for centuries by folk doctors here , mainly as a laxative and anti-diarrheal . 
Environmental groups would soon go out of business were they not able to send out mailings describing the latest threat and asking for money to fight it . 
But if you happen to be coming to Chicago in the next few weeks , do n't fail to have a look at Robert Falls 's `` The Misanthrope '' at the Goodman . 
The television units of Paramount Communications Inc. and MCA Inc. are exploring the possibility of offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week , industry executives say . 
Mr. Hall of the Colnaghi gallery says $ 1.15 million `` would have been an impossible price for anyone to ask for a Preti four years ago . '' 
Still , with competitors such as Eastman Kodak Co. faltering in copier sales , Xerox 's sales increases `` were encouraging , '' says Eugene Glazer of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
Cable & Wireless fell 20 to 478 . 
Federal examiner Alex Barabolak said Lincoln 's operations amounted to `` pyramiding debt to provide a luxurious life style for its owners . '' 
John Blodgett agrees -- and he ought to know . 
Norms are consistently exceeded at 60 % of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites and 80 % of those for dust and soot emissions . 
A figure above 50 indicates the economy is likely to expand ; one below 50 indicates a contraction may be ahead . 
For one thing , quite a number of the leading spokesmen on Wall Street are not portfolio managers , who understand that the value of assets is greatly affected by how government taxes those assets . 
The laptops are not revolutionary and , indeed , are tardy in a market first opened by GRiD Systems Corp. , now a unit of Tandy Corp. , almost two years ago . 
Yesterday , for example , the Commerce Department reported that new orders for durable goods fell 0.1 % , while the nation 's auto makers reported lackluster mid-October sales . 
In addition , another major building tenant , Thomson McKinnon Inc. 's Thomson McKinnon Securities , likely will vacate the premises as part of its liquidation . 
When Disney offered to pay Mr. Steinberg a premium for his shares , the New York investor did n't demand the company also pay a premium to other shareholders . 
He says he told Mr. Guber he could n't sign any documents and that `` the deal , although apparently a good one for him and Mr. Peters , would have a very negative impact on Warner . '' 
Nobody is sure what will come next in Somalia or whom the successor might be . 
Because we refuse to face the tough answers , the questions continue as fodder for the commissions and committees , for the media and politicians . 
Carlos A. Salvagni , vice president , pharmaceutical manufacturing , will assume responsibility for manufacturing in Kalamazoo , Mich. , effective Nov. 1 . 
Qintex Australia was `` saying as recently as last weekend that they would take care of the situation . 
Perhaps its loud signal may generate some awareness of the Soviet condominium being created in the isthmus thanks to U.S. default . 
He is our most dangerous enemy . 
He asserts that some directors , who have joined forces with company founder James Patterson , have ties to Wendy 's , a competing hamburger chain . 
`` People tend to see risk primarily on that one dimension , '' says Timothy Kochis , national director of personal financial planning for accountants Deloitte , Haskins & Sells . 
Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how well its new natural gas futures contract does and how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with exchange and Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules . 
The spy network would serve two clients : the Panamanian government , by monitoring political opponents in the region , and the U.S. , by tracking the growing Communist influence in the unions organized at United Fruit Co. 's banana plantations in Bocas del Toros and Puerto Armuelles . 
The comic strip `` has a magical , everlasting quality about it . 
Mr. Laband should beware , since he lives in South Carolina . 
Demographics converged with `` mainstream '' and demonizing to seal Robert Bork 's fate . 
But I had expected more , which is one reason I began looking at evidence suggesting defects in the official output estimates . 
It was , after all , only his second full day as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Sales rose 2.6 % to $ 1.32 billion from $ 1.29 billion . 
Viacom accuses Time in its suit of refusing to carry Showtime or a sister service , The Movie Channel , on Time 's Manhattan Cable TV system , one of the nation 's largest urban systems . 
`` There 's a distinct possibility that I may lose my job over this , '' the employee , Karen Allen , of Floor Covering Resources , Kensington , Md. , recently told a congressional hearing . 
Mr. Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc. , another company controlled by Mr. Hollander . 
`` We 've been putting in long hours , '' Mr. Ramirez says -- six-day weeks and 13-hour days for the last two months . 
`` This market is eating away my youth , '' said Chung Lew , head equity trader at Kleinwort Benson North America Inc . 
But , says Mr. Bock , `` It was a close call . '' 
But short-term bonds ca n't rise too much , because everyone knows they will be redeemed at a preset price fairly soon . 
So I said , ` Hello . ' 
The aim would be to end the guerrilla war for control of Cambodia by allowing the Khmer Rouge a small share of power . 
It 's a nuisance tax on mergers . 
But nobody did such a piece , reflecting a contemporary axiom : the more a scandal has to do with a congressman 's duties as a congressman , the less likely it is to catch the fancy of a network . 
Chemical said deposits Monday were about $ 5 million higher than usual and it expects more activity as investors receive the proceeds from sales of stock . 
Indeed , during a recent post-production audience discussion , the director explained that her fondest artistic wish was to find a way to play `` Somewhere Over the Rainbow '' so that the song 's `` original beauty comes through , '' surmounting the cliche . 
GENENTECH INC. , South San Francisco , biotechnology company , annual sales of $ 334.8 million , NYSE , sustained no major damage and expects to be fully operational today . 
The discovery `` suddenly puts an obscure gene right in the cockpit of cancer formation , '' says Robert Weinberg , a leader in cancer-gene research at Whitehead Institute in Cambridge , Mass . 
There are few mementos of his days as White House deputy chief of staff and confidant of Ronald and Nancy Reagan . 
They all attended a meeting in April 1987 questioning why a federal audit of Lincoln S&L had dragged on for two years . 
`` We 're extremely committed to optical storage technology '' he said . 
A $ 137.6 million Maryland Stadium Authority sports facilities lease revenue bond issue appeared to be off to a good start . 
An AT&T representative said that the Guadalajara factory will make a full line of answering machines . 
The pool invested idle cash for many state agencies and local governments . 
Canadian Indians are taking five countries to court in a bid to stop low military flights over their homes , the Dutch Defense Ministry said . 
Yesterday , bank stocks lagged behind the overall OTC market . 
Jaguar advanced 19 to 673 as traders contemplated a potential battle between General Motors and Ford Motor for control of the U.K. luxury auto maker . 
The most volatile form of program trading is index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire , computer-guided buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in stock-index futures and options . 
`` That gives futures traders a lot more power . '' 
That range was quickly narrowed to $ 145 to $ 155 , although traders surrounding the post were told that $ 148 to $ 150 would be the likely target . 
Less noticed is a bit of legislative legerdemain by Houston Republicans on behalf of HEI Corp. of Texas to retroactively `` move '' a Missouri hospital from one county to the next to justify higher Medicare reimbursements . 
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system . 
Kellwood Co. said it completed a previously announced acquisition of Crowntuft Manufacturing Corp. , a New York-based maker of chenille robes and lounge wear . 
But developers of four planned office towers cautioned that obstacles still remain . 
The first thing anybody will tell you about ballooning is that it requires zip in the way of athletic prowess , or even a measure of derring-do . 
In other operations , losses at MeraBank totaled $ 85.7 million in the latest quarter , compared with a $ 2.5 million profit a year earlier . 
Coca-Cola Co. yesterday said singer Elton John signed to appear in an ad for Diet Coke . 
Brokerage houses jumped in , touting `` post-quake demand '' stocks , and Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need emergency investment advice and help in transferring funds . 
It 's time business leaders and the general public learn that mankind does not rule over this natural environment but is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings . 
Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd . ( Japan ) -- $ 300 million of 8 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1999 , priced at 101 3\/8 to yield 8.85 % less full fees annually , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
The country 's narcotics traffickers claimed responsibility for the slaying . 
The venture cost Quebecor $ 12 million , Mr. Peladeau says . 
Angel Gurria , Mexico 's top debt negotiator , said the country 's creditor banks are responding positively to Mexico 's debt-reduction package . 
`` I 've read Balzac , '' he answers critics . 
There have been reports for months that the city 's economy is weakening , as the October 1987 stock market crash continues to make itself felt . 
In earlier years it may have seemed reasonable to give Richmond , Va. , a bank and allow Los Angeles only a branch of the San Francisco bank , but times have changed . 
Mr. Lee added that the Filipinos are `` making it very difficult '' for the U.S. military presence to last beyond five or 10 years . 
ITT Financial Corp. -- $ 150 million of 8.35 % subordinated notes due Nov. 1 , 2004 , priced at 99.85 to yield 8.387 % . 
`` Basically , we had a severe earthquake of significant duration and it was just something the structure could n't withstand . '' 
But they were stripped from the Senate bill after staffers estimated penalty revenue would fall by $ 216 million over five years . 
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all-important cause . 
The market rebound Monday followed weekend assurances from Mr. Darman that the administration has other plans to win the cut , which is alive and well . 
Most energy futures opened lower , following Wednesday 's market downturn . 
Shippers surveyed recently by Ohio State University said they expect their freight-transport , storage and distribution costs to rise about 4 % this year . 
In five minutes , the Dow industrials climbed almost 30 points . 
And a squad of influential former Senate aides employed by the Wall Street firm Salomon Brothers came to the Capitol in a vain attempt to strip the provision . 
In Mr. Sohmer 's film , by contrast , we are urged to share the perverse excitement of the rapist creeping up on his victim , as the camera ogles Kate in various stages of undress and lingers on the sight of her trussed-up body during frequent flashbacks to the rape . 
Benj . Franklin Federal Savings & Loan Association said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 8 million , or $ 1.04 a share , as a result of adding $ 11 million in loan-loss reserves . 
Another active FT-SE 100 stock was clothing and furniture retailer Burton , which gained 6 to 196 . 
The team used a battery of the newly developed `` gene probes , '' snippets of genetic material that can track a gene 's presence in a cell . 
It jumped 7.5 Monday . 
Whittle Communications L.P. , which for months has fought a public relations battle with education leaders , said it has signed 500 schools in 24 states to subscribe to the controversial Channel One news program and its sister programs . 
Telelawyer is apparently the only telephone service that offers the telephone equivalent of an office visit . 
The company also pleased analysts by announcing four new store openings planned for fiscal 1990 , ending next August . 
My relationships with the British are totally different . 
While D.T. shuffled its king back and forth in a defensive crouch , Mr. Kasparov maneuvered the knight to a dominant outpost . 
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58-a-share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . '' 
`` We stand for peace today and we will stand for peace tomorrow , '' said Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who , along with five of his colleagues , served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago . 
The potential is displayed along every road into Warsaw : row upon row of greenhouses , stretching out behind modern mansions that trumpet their owners ' wealth . 
\*\* Year ago figure is restated . 
BellSouth Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John L. Clendenin said three factors accounted for the drop in third-quarter earnings . 
But he gave few details on the progress toward a new bid , saying only , `` We are working toward a revised proposal for majority employee ownership . '' 
The companies reached an agreement in principle for the sale in August . 
`` We know there are potholes for the city out there , '' says Mr. Paterson , Mr. Dinkins 's former law partner . 
Individual investors , represented in the general-purpose and broker-dealer fund categories , pulled money from the stock market after its big drop last Friday and put the money into funds , said Jacob Dreyer , vice president and chief economist of the Institute . 
The contract fell five points at the open to 323.85 , the maximum opening move allowed under safeguards adopted by the Merc to stem a market slide . 
The results ca n't be extrapolated to all investors , though . 
Now , the nationwide average yield on a six-month CD is just under 8 % , and 8.5 % is about the best around . 
Kidder denied that GE 's chairman and chief executive , John F. Welch , had anything to do with Kidder 's decision . 
Beacon Hill is for `` move-up '' town houses , and Nob Hill , for single-family houses . 
In another report yesterday , the Commerce Department said sales of new single-family houses plunged 14 % in September to an annual rate of 618,000 from 719,000 in August . 
Of the self-starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . '' 
Payout of preferred dividends resulted in a net loss of five cents a share in the most recent quarter . 
`` The { ministry } thinks the banks do n't know what they are doing , that they have very little idea how to cope with risk , '' said one foreign bank analyst who asked not to be identified . 
The consortium faced a setback in May when technical problems forced it to postpone the September launch until next spring . 
The Hibor contract `` solves quite a bit of the problem of interest-rate risk in the interbank market , '' says Eric Cheng , a director of James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. , the Hong Kong arm of the British brokerage firm . 
They repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership , genuine competition based on market factors , and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions . 
He also says he is losing money now . 
Finally , with Maxwell Communication , the company controls 54 % of Donohue Inc. , a Quebec City pulp and paper concern . 
This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower and learn to work in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain futures . 
Gingerly , some economists began to blame central planning . 
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 98 basis points above the Treasury 's seven-year note . 
It did n't release terms of the transaction . 
Neither woman was invited by CBS News to participate in a round-table discussion about Mr. Hoffman that is to follow the re-enactment . 
The company said six officers are buying a total of $ 1.5 million of its stock . 
C. Olivetti & Co. , claiming it has won the race in Europe to introduce computers based on a powerful new microprocessor chip , unveiled its CP486 computer yesterday . 
Overseas , both franchisees and the company performed substantially better than a year ago . 
The company said the plant will ensure that it has adequate energy for the mill and will reduce the mill 's energy costs . 
Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political and economic unity , and are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds . 
The GM agreement is expected to retain Jaguar 's independence by involving an eventual 30 % stake for the U.S. auto giant as well as joint manufacturing and marketing ventures . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 10 classes by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Trifari , whose national ads earlier this year included paper cutouts of its costume finery , takes a tamer approach . 
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . '' 
Many troubled properties have n't been foreclosed on and are hard to identify , says Albert I. Berger , who heads the Secaucus , N.J. , office of Helmsley-Spear Inc. , a real estate brokerage . 
Jack Kemp and the writers Irving Kristol and George Gilder were influences , and Mr. Courter 's own conservative credentials proved useful to the current New Jersey GOP governor , Thomas Kean , in the 1981 Republican primary here . 
U.S. interests occasionally try to impose barriers to the import of another important Colombian export -- cut flowers -- into the American market . 
Instead , people familiar with the transaction said , the auction house opted to forgo that percentage in order to obtain the collection and in exchange for taking a bigger chunk of proceeds exceeding $ 100 million . 
But he stops there . 
Spencer J. Volk , president and chief operating officer of this consumer and industrial products company , was elected a director . 
Blair Entertainment , a New York firm that advises TV stations and sells ads for them , has just formed a subsidiary -- 900 Blair -- to apply the technology to television . 
But there appear to be few , if any , suitors . 
Combustion Engineering Inc. said third-quarter net income of $ 22.8 million , reversing a $ 91.7 million year-earlier loss . 
Investors can be assured now that this kind of problem can never occur again . '' 
During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product , disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % , but inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % . 
At the heart of Israel 's report is a list of a dozen incidents Jerusalem attributes to Fatah , including the use of bombs and Molotov cocktails . 
In the experiment , mice with the defective gene were mated . 
Insurance premiums for one small Maryland concern went up 130 % in less than two years , the last increase coming after one of its three workers developed a herniated disk . 
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % . 
And , by the end of that week , the key federal funds interest rate , which is largely controlled by the Fed , had settled at 8.75 % , barely changed from the level of just under 9 % that prevailed the previous week . 
Bob Evans Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 shares of its common . 
While discount promotions are essential for most brands , some companies concede they went overboard in shifting money from advertising to coupons , refunds and other sales incentives . 
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday . 
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. dropped the most on a percentage basis , to 1,000 shares from 255,923 . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index fell 1.69 to 341.16 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.88 to 188.89 . 
At my hotel , the Westin , power was out , some interior plaster had broken loose and there had been water damage , but little else . 
Bank of New York Co. said it agreed in principle to acquire the credit-card business of Houston-based First City Bancorp. of Texas for between $ 130 million and $ 134 million . 
Mr. Melloan 's column was right on the money , but I wish it could have gone one step further . 
The government , campaigning against fixed brokerage commissions , promptly sued the CBOE over its minimum-fee system . 
Currently , chips are produced by shining light through a mask to produce an image on the chip , much as a camera produces an image on film . 
By contrast , a parliamentary system based on abstract political rights and groups was held to cause , rather than resolve , conflict . 
Last week , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce began using its national TV show to seek help , such as equipment , for business owners . 
The action was confined to Nasdaq 's biggest and most liquid stocks , traders said . 
A close look at his record over the last 15 years suggests that Mr. Bush has well-stated his views -- on all sides of the issue . 
Mr. Guber replies that `` this is a Goliath , this Time Warner , trying to chew up two fellows who have done only well for them for a long period of time . '' 
A reinsurance company effectively insures insurance companies that wish to spread the risk of a particular policy . 
For this , a crane needed to be mounted on the Postels ' terrace . 
Revenue was $ 1.79 billion , up 18 % from $ 1.52 billion a year earlier . 
Children from the community will have worthier role models than the drug kingpins . 
`` If there 's diamonds out there , we 'll get to them , '' says Les Johns , De Beers 's engineering manager . 
This is the Mirage , a $ 630 million island-fantasy hotel-casino now being completed for opening in November by Golden Nugget Inc . 
Westridge Capital is an index fund -- the type of stolid long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average . 
The Kabul regime would fall . 
Mr. Horton oversaw Gulf Power 's governmental-affairs efforts . 
Following the impeachment conviction , Dr. Benjamin Hooks , executive director of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , issued a restrained statement , warning that the Hastings case could set a `` dangerous precedent , '' but adding , `` We must respect the considered judgment of the Senate . 
The acquisition brings together the two largest competitors to Home Shopping Network Inc. , which now reaches more viewers than any other company in the video shopping industry . 
Mr. Leon of Bear Stearns speculated that McCaw , in an attempt to buy time , might consider filing an antitrust suit against BellSouth with the Justice Department and U.S. District Judge Harold Greene , who oversees enforcement of the consent decree that broke up the Bell system in 1984 . 
The reluctance of some states to let Drexel off the hook could hamper the firm 's attempts to polish its image after its guilty plea to six felonies last month , say several people familiar with the discussions . 
Lawmakers are expected to try to restore the funds once a pending deficit-cutting measure has been signed into law . 
London shares also rose , while trading in Frankfurt , West Germany , ended higher . 
The board estimated that the cost of building a pipeline from the Mackenzie delta to Alberta would be about C$ 5.9 million . 
Fujitsu said it hopes the Hiroshima contract will help it secure pacts with other municipalities . 
Exabyte Corp. had been planning to sell 10 % of its stock this week in an IPO that would raise up to $ 28.5 million . 
Although officials of the savings and loan , a unit of Great Western Financial Corp. , used some of their new plans and equipment during this week 's quake , they still lost touch for more than 24 hours with 15 branches in the affected areas , not knowing if employees were injured or vaults were broken open . 
The Fed has allowed a key short-term interest rate to decline about one-quarter percentage point . 
The average seven-day compound yield on the 400 taxable funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's was 8.55 % in the latest week , down from 8.60 % . 
Houston attorney Dale Friend , representing a plaintiff in a damage suit , says he has negotiated a settlement that will strike a blow for his client . 
Reflecting the concern , Unisys stock fell a further 75 cents to $ 16.25 in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Already , USX Corp. and Armco Inc. are studying Nucor 's technology to see if they can adopt it . 
But when Harley last week publicly questioned the legality of the group 's filing procedures , the Rochester , N.Y. , investor said `` we complied with every law , '' and he denied any wrongdoing . 
The prospect of buying into a cash-hungry company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers , including a member of the Elders group of Australia , to pull out of the bidding , the bankers and analysts say . 
The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and did n't . 
Convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of Nov. 15 , 2014 , convert Nov. 15 , 1999 . 
The sweep by the A's , whose pitchers and home-run hitters dominated the injury-prone Giants , will only make things worse for ABC , owned by Capital Cities\/ABC Inc . 
For example , an investor may seek to profit during some takeover situations by buying stock in one company involved and shorting the stock of the other . 
Thieves are going to find `` anybody who has enough bucks to plant these things in their front yard , '' says William Morrissey , an investigator with the police department in Garden Grove , Calif. , where five such thefts have been reported in the past several weeks . 
In addition , Illinois attorneys will lose the right to sue clients who file malicious complaints against them . 
In national over-the-counter trading Friday , SciMed shares tumbled $ 2.75 to $ 43 . 
Two years ago , the futures exchange was the envy of other would-be futures centers . 
Johnstown attorney Richard J. Green Jr. shelled out $ 500 in loans to the judge over five years , he said in testimony to the grand jury . 
The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain , down from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , according to MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York . 
They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain , the company said . 
Unless otherwise specified in a particular offer , the bonds wo n't be subject to redemption prior to maturity . 
To gain more leverage , abortion-rights advocates may seek to fold the bill into an omnibus continuing resolution next month . 
Premium Government National Mortgage Association securities with coupon rates of 13 % and higher actually declined amid concerns about increased prepayments because of a plan being considered by Congress to speed the refinancing of government-subsidized mortgages . 
Yesterday , just a day after Mr. Roman announced he would leave to take a top post at American Express , WPP said Mr. Berry would return to take an international role at the parent company . 
Have the freedoms of glasnost gone to Mr. Ovcharenko 's head ? 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Going into the 1990s , the GOP is paying a price for the same conservative social agenda that it used to torment Democrats in the past . 
For example , President James A. Garfield is entombed here , the victim of an assassination in 1881 . 
Since McDonald 's menu prices rose this year , the actual decline may have been more . 
Saudi Arabia , OPEC 's kingpin , also has surfaced as a possible obstacle , some OPEC sources said . 
Last month , Mercedes-Benz executives approached state revenue officials complaining about bad press , the commissioner said . 
At Bear Stearns Cos. , for example , the 15 executive officers led by Chairman Alan `` Ace '' Greenberg got a pay increase to $ 35.9 million for the 14-month period ended June 30 from $ 22.9 million for the 12 months ended April 30 , 1988 . 
Even at such rates , black marketeers have been able to make big profits because of the dire shortage of consumer goods here . 
The notes , which are noncallable , were priced at a spread of 45 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
The properties held by FADA wo n't be sold piecemeal , Mr. Seidman said in a speech before Southern Methodist University Business School in Dallas . 
During the Korean War , Gen. Douglas MacArthur demanded and got , in addition to his U.N. command in Korea , his own naval command in Japan , NavforJapan . 
A video sent to association members , featuring shots of the Alamo , cowboys , fajitas and a statue of Sam Houston , does n't mince words . 
The judge now says it was `` unfortunate '' that he chose to write the letter but says `` there was certainly no intent to extort there . '' 
And rumors of forced selling by takeover-stock traders triggered a 25-point downdraft in the Dow Jones Industrial Average around 11:15 a.m. EDT yesterday . 
FORMER APPLE COMPUTER Inc. general counsel John P. Karalis has joined the Phoenix , Ariz. , law firm of Brown & Bain . 
In a classic defense of a personal-injury case , the consultants concentrate on encouraging the jury to shift the blame . 
As a result of the transaction , which is expected to be approved at a shareholders meeting Nov. 24 , Giovanni Agnelli & Co. will control 79.18 % of IFI 's ordinary shares . 
He would n't specify what it was . 
Sales for the quarter rose to $ 1.11 billion from $ 1.03 billion . 
Of course , self-reform is about the last thing this Congress is interested in . 
H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , offering of four million shares of noncumulative convertible preferred stock , Series B. , via Goldman , Sachs & Co , First Boston Corp. , and Merrill Lynch . 
The figures are seasonally adjusted . 
Dissidents in Czechoslovakia said the nation 's pro-democracy movement was growing despite the government 's move to crush a protest Saturday in Prague 's Wenceslas Square . 
Thus , the leverage has amplified the funds ' portfolio losses . 
But economic arguments , however solid , wo n't necessarily impress Hong Kong 's 5.7 million people . 
Lynch Corp. said its Lynch Telephone Corp. subsidiary completed the acquisition of Western New Mexico Telephone Co. for $ 20 million plus assumption of $ 24 million of debt . 
`` Maybe this will jolt us out of the post-Vietnam syndrome that we never are prepared to use force , '' he says . 
MEA CULPA . 
Each has an equal vote at the monthly meetings . 
That wo n't matter if they are held to maturity , but if , for any reason , the parents need to sell them before then , there could be a severe loss of principal . 
Neither of the two chemists whose Utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , Martin Fleischmann and B. Stanley Pons , were at the meeting . 
You 're the real criminal here ... and what you did was n't just a murder -- it was a crime against humanity . '' 
He succeeds Everett Meyers , who resigned in May . 
Long considered a potential takeover target , Navigation Mixte had hoped Allianz would help protect it from raiders . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Petrie said that on Oct. 26 Petrie Stores agreed to purchase Mr. Petrie 's 2,331,100 Deb Shops shares . 
Royal Business Group Inc. said it filed suit in federal court here charging Realist Inc. and its directors with violating federal securities laws `` by engaging in a scheme to prevent '' Royal from acquiring Realist . 
In Moscow , the Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb a black market for hard currency . 
For example , `` market-on-close orders '' must be filled during the last few minutes of trading for the day at a price that is within the official closing range of prices as determined by the exchange . 
RA acquired the Howick coal mine Oct. 20 when it bought British Petroleum Co. 's Australian coal interests for $ 275 million . 
Eavesdropping -- both corporate and private -- is on the rise , thanks to the proliferation of surveillance technologies . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
But others , large landowners , real-estate developers and business leaders , say the government 's proposals are intolerable . 
The company said it plans to use the sale proceeds to invest in business opportunities more closely identified with the company 's `` refocused direction . 
United Merchants & Manufacturers Inc. said its president , Uzi Ruskin , withdrew his proposal to acquire control of the New York textile and clothing company . 
The U.S. Senate liked the treaty so well it ratified it by a vote of 89 to 0 . 
But inside the white walls of the Orange Workers ' office -- just about the largest building in town , save for the Dutch Reformed Church and the school -- South Africa 's neat racial order is awry . 
And until last Friday , it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off . 
PACIFIC TELESIS GROUP , San Francisco , telecommunications holding company , annual sales of $ 9.5 billion , no damage to headquarters , but no power , the power failure has caused a delay in the release of the company 's earnings report , major concern is subsidiaries , Pacific Bell and Pacific Telesis Cellular , both of which sustained damage to buildings , structural damage to several cellular sites in Santa Cruz , volume of calls on cellular phones 10 times the usual , causing a big slowdown . 
Apogee said the charge stems from a building supply contract in which the company guaranteed a contractor 's performance . 
What does this mean for trade policy ? 
Nothing less , it seemed , could console them for their traumas . 
Specific-Time Order : This type of order couples many of the orders described above with instructions that the order must be carried out at or by a certain time . 
That means simple , clear rules that secure the first large blocks of reduction , deferring more complex issues such as risk . 
The point was to answer the question in the conference title , not to try to create news stories for the event itself . 
Four of the planes were purchased by International Lease from Singapore Airlines in a previously announced transaction . 
And they will even serve it themselves . 
Uncertainty dogs every aspect of their lives . 
The success of the British gold standard was due to independent private banking and common law , rather than the choice of gold for valuing the currency . 
Most earn high ratings from credit agencies . 
Viatech makes flexible packaging films and machinery , and materials for the food and pharmaceutical industries . 
It said it expects net to rise to 11 billion yen from 8.22 billion yen . 
The media has raised questions about Larsen & Toubro 's issue , pointing out that it exceeds the company 's annual sales and its market capitalization . 
The problems of the environment are so interrelated , so inextricably entwined with our current way of life and so large that it is unlikely we will be able to address them effectively unless major changes are made in less than 10 years . 
A unified Germany that remained within the Western alliance would give Germany such an overshadowing position that all other members of a unified Europe would become vassals of the German state . 
Collectively , the statements raised questions about whether a new bid for UAL will ever get off the ground . 
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels . 
Seven years late in the launching , $ 1 billion over budget and a target of anti-nuclear protestors , Galileo has long been a symbol of trouble for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration . 
Also , it was not a funny time over here , what with the Vietnam War , the '68 Democratic convention , assassinations and riots . 
At that rate , the defense plan is underfunded by $ 48 billion . 
Jason Overseas Ltd. , proposed offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney & Co. and Mabon Nugent & Co . 
Changing legislation has opened the field to thousands of inexperienced Soviet players , many who promise more than they can deliver . 
`` We have one near here . 
If this thesis is correct , it has important implications for macroeconomic policies : It may lower the sense of urgency behind efforts to enact tax incentives and other measures to increase the rate of growth in productivity and real GNP . 
But will it be enough ? 
`` We 're going to see another big wave of failures and defaults between now and year-end ... . 
A House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 17 billion State , Justice and Commerce Department bill that makes federal reparations for Japanese-Americans held in World War II internment camps a legal entitlement after next Oct. 1 . 
On further reflection , she admits that venturing inside the Hammacks ' house the previous day was n't `` such a great idea . '' 
Some dealers note that while the third-quarter figures may appear relatively bullish -- the market consensus calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate , unchanged from the second-quarter rate -- it would take a significantly stronger figure to alter market perceptions that the economy is softening . 
The noncallable issue , which can be put back to the province in 2001 , was priced at a spread of 41 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
Scientists need to understand that while they tend to believe their work is primarly about establishing new knowledge or doing good , today it is also about power . 
The March contract advanced 0.14 cent a pound to 14.11 cents . 
`` If there 's a problem , Peter disappears , and all of a sudden Jon shows up . '' 
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left . 
If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods . 
But Middle East supplies were growing in importance . 
On the morning of the crash , he had been put on notice that an audit committee was recommending his dismissal because of invoicing irregularities in a company audit . 
The loss of the cigarette account would be a severe blow to Wells Rich . 
Some analysts believe China soon will begin relaxing economic controls , particularly by loosening credit . 
A pleasant place to come and spend a few hours . '' 
Terms were not disclosed . 
Republicans countered that long-range revenue estimates were unreliable . 
The company reported that earnings from operations for the September quarter were up about 25 % from a year earlier . 
And that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances . 
He attributed the unusually high volume to broad-based selling on fears that the Thatcher government may be in turmoil and Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government and renew efforts at nationalization . 
Mr. Allday 's appointment is subject to confirmation by the Senate . 
Specially trained IRS agents will look for under-reported income and unsupported deductions and credits . 
Cases in Los Angeles County involving dependent children are usually heard in the Criminal Courts Building . 
It was priced at a spread of 55 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 96 , off 0.15 point to yield 5.27 % . 
In a rare package sale of its real estate , K mart Corp. , Troy , Mich. , has sold 17 of its strip shopping centers to a limited partnership led by New York developer Philip Pilevsky , according to sources familiar with the transaction . 
The Hastings , Mich. , concern makes piston rings , filters and fuel pumps . 
Mitsubishi Rayon , a leading advancer Wednesday , fell 44 to 861 as investors grabbed profits . 
In the first quarter , Salomon had a record loss of $ 28 million on revenue of $ 1.54 billion . 
It is likely to get as much as $ 800 million initially in additional funds , and eventually could get more than $ 1 billion , according to Mr. Fazio , a member of the House Appropriations Committee . 
The state will vigorously defend against any counterclaim . '' 
They concluded the indications of neutrons stemmed from faults in the detectors rather than from the cold fusion experiment . 
In `` Mad Rush , '' which came from a commission to write a piece of indeterminate length ( Mr. Glass charmingly , and tellingly , confessed that `` this was no problem for me '' ) , an A section alternates with a B section several times before the piece ends unresolved . 
The GAO has recommended the creation of a system to record trade data so that an independent , verifiable audit trail can be established to prevent customer fraud . 
Thomas V. Reese Sr . Maui Banana Co . 
After clanging around for an hour or so , the shiny , hot money pours out of the cement chute , where a giant vacuum sucks away the dried mud and burnt wrappers . 
Indeed , some individuals identified with the group said they have n't committed any money to the bid and were n't aware of it until they heard about it in local news accounts over the weekend . 
The slack absorbs the pulling strain generated by an earthquake . 
Construction is set to begin in early 1991 . 
Measures of manufacturing activity fell more than the overall measures . 
Economic analysts call his trail-blazing liberalization of the Indian economy incomplete , and many are hoping for major new liberalizations if he is returned firmly to power . 
Mr. Conway is no longer at the exchange . 
The world being the nasty place it is , we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed . 
Electronic gimmicks are key . 
The December contract settled at 73.97 cents a pound , up 0.59 cent , but it rose as high as 74.20 cents . 
Both the assassination order and the quality of debate in Washington are telling the world that the only way the U.S. will kill a madman is by making sure we take some innocent civilians with him . 
While I was standing on the lawn with Mame , waiting for another tremor , I noticed that all the earthworms were emerging from the ground and slithering across the lawn ! 
Then , in late-afternoon trading , hundred-thousand-share buy orders for UAL hit the market , including a 200,000-share order through Bear Stearns that seemed to spark UAL 's late price surge . 
But in a letter sent in August to Asia Development , Schroders said the loan was terminated because the developer had failed to deliver adequate financial data and pay certain fees to the loan-management committee on time , according to officials close to the project . 
More than half the domestic drilling now under way is for gas , partly on the assumption that demand will rise for a fuel that is cleaner to burn than either oil or coal . 
Tangible capital will be about $ 115 million . 
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed . 
Customer-access lines increased at an annualized rate of about 4 % and minutes of long-distance use rose about 12 % . 
In national over-the-counter trading , MCI fell $ 2.625 to $ 42.375 . 
You hate to do it because he 's your father . '' 
Truckers are `` trying to send signals that they need to stop the bloodletting , forget about market share and go for higher rates , '' said Michael Lloyd , an analyst at Salomon Bros . 
The figures exclude lump-sum payments and cost-of-living adjustments , so the actual wage increases may have been bigger . 
And Gorky , considered the father of Soviet socialist realism , did not write plays that easily lend themselves to deliberately antirealistic distancing techniques . 
`` It 's not a blanket commitment , it 's a case-by-case situation , '' says Albert Disposti , a managing director of Merrill Lynch Money Markets Inc . 
The quarter-to-quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year-earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama . 
`` What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance . 
It wo n't be cheaper ! 
For its fiscal year ended March 31 , Computer Sciences had revenue of $ 1.3 billion . 
Thus , options traders Friday were stuck with losses that also were several times larger than those suffered by many stock traders in New York . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Harley-Davidson Inc. filed suit in federal court here , alleging that a group that holds 6.2 % of its stock made `` false , deceptive and misleading '' statements in recent regulatory filings and public announcements . 
That the motivation for the two-year reduction to 19.6 % is budgetary does not mean it is not in the public interest . 
The decision in Los Angeles federal court stems from a 1985 Mercury Sable TV ad that Young & Rubicam worked up for Ford Motor Co . 
Lotus 's results were about 10 % higher than analysts ' average expectations and compared favorably with the 36 % earnings rise reported a day earlier by rival Microsoft Corp. of Redmond , Wash . 
IBM , which telegraphed the poor results three weeks ago , also cited an increase in its leasing business , which tends to lock in business long-term but cut revenue in the near term . 
A two-part $ 75.1 million offering of wastewater treatment bonds by the New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust was more than half sold by late in the session , according to lead underwriter Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
He does this in at least three of his solo pieces . 
Both figures were record highs . 
The Senate bill would force the CFTC to suspend dual trading if an exchange ca n't show that its oversight system can detect dual-trading abuses . 
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon . 
`` The probability of converting a non-user to your brand is about three in 1,000 , '' says Tony Adams , the company 's vice president for marketing research . 
Perhaps the ethics of an industry 's leader filters down and is one of the factors that ultimately shapes consumer trust in that industry . 
Similarly , the measure adjusts the current funding formula to promise smaller states such as New Hampshire and Delaware a minimum allocation of $ 1.6 million each in drug grants , or three times the current minimum . 
`` My name is judge , '' Judge O'Kicki told a car salesman in Ebensburg when he bought a new red Pontiac Sunbird in October 1984 , according to the grand-jury report . 
Mr. Wohlstetter , for example , said he wrote to Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. about program trading after the 190-point Dow plunge , and as in previous queries , `` what I get back is gobbledygook . '' 
What that will mean for manufacturers is anybody 's guess . '' 
`` The intensive labor needed to manufacture furs { in the U.S. . } is not as available as it was , '' says Mr. Schreibman , who is starting overseas production . 
Both plans would drop child-care provisions from the House version of the deficit-reduction legislation and let it progress as a separate bill . 
Pro-life advocates say the White House never wavered over the veto . 
For instance , Southland has expanded its bottled water selection in some stores and added fresh sandwiches in some outlets . 
To many Japanese , pachinko is benign or enticingly unsavory . 
A K mart spokesman said the acquisition would be financed with short-term borrowings . 
DESPITE GROWING interest in the environment , U.S. consumers have n't shown much interest in refillable packages for household products . 
The stock-market rally was led by blue-chip issues , but , unlike Monday 's rebound , was broadly based . 
Hardly . 
Individual Inc. , a new company in Brookline , Mass. , uses filtering technology developed by Cornell University computer scientist Gerard Salton , to automatically produce customized newsletters it sends electronically to subscribers by 8 a.m. the next day . 
`` Without some unexpected `` coup de theatre '' , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , '' said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet-Dupont & Cie . 
( Roussel reportedly has every pill marked and accounted for to make sure none slips into the black market . ) 
The metaphor of theater is not entirely coincidental . 
Sex and violence are routinely included even when they are irrelevant to the script , and high-tech special effects are continually substituted for good plot and character development . 
Air-traffic problems , though often quite grim , This time of year leave us in stitches , When we notice around our airport A holding pattern for witches . 
One man trying to remove his car was told by officials to get out of his garage . 
Is this the future of chamber music ? 
Better to have a true monetarist policy , just for the experience . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
The Berlin Wall still stands . 
`` Global warming means higher tides which will lower Venice by another 23 inches in the next 100 years , '' Giovanni Cecconi of the the New Venice Consortium said . 
British investigations were prompted by a list of 17 alleged war criminals living in Britain sent to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in October 1986 by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles . 
In 1986 , some institute patients were reporting breakthrough seizures when they were switched from a specific brand-name medication to a generic one or from one generic manufacturer of a specific product to another . 
Company officials could n't be reached . 
DISCIPLINARY PROCEEDINGS against lawyers open to public in Illinois . 
The uncertainty is sending shivers through Brazilian financial markets . 
But U.S. officials said representatives at the meeting decided that this was `` a matter for further discussion at future meetings . '' 
Great . 
There are n't any such listings for asset-backed securities . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
